==========================
===Ace_Combat_JumpChain===
==========================

[Beginning]

Beginning <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[CP: 1000] Starting Points for this Document

[Origins: Time]

1995 <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
Where it all began, as far as you’re concerned. It is during this period that the Skully Islands Insurrection began and the Belkan War likewise erupted and began to overtake the continent of Usea. The actions from these two conflicts stirred politics enough to eventually spark the First Usean Continental War, and near the end of this time period the Second Usean Continental War as well. This time period is arguably the one that shaped the future of Strangereal permanently, with the detonation of seven warheads on Belkan soil and the eventual arrival of Ulysses 1994XF04 that upends life on the planet as its people know it. The arrival of the asteroid causes multiple conflicts to spread up as countries and politicians attempt to consolidate power.

2005 <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
The damage is quite severe from the impact of Ulysses 1994XF04, as well as the Belkan Wars and Usean Continental Wars. The economies of the world are fragile and politics are very heated, which leads to movements like ‘Free Erusea’ that require the execution of interventions such as Operation Katina, as well as the Estovakian Civil War that breaks out from the poor conditions in the country. The Circum-Pacific War also breaks out in 2010, with Yuktobanian warmongers being influenced by remnants of the Belkan War in order to gain vengeance for the outcome of the conflict. It is a time of hatred and blurred boundaries, with the past haunting the present.

2015 <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
It would seem that the ghosts of the past refuse to give in so easily. Thanks to the damage done by Ulysses 1994XF04 as well as the ravaging times of the Estovakian Civil War, the country of Emmeria found itself being attacked by Estovakia out of resentment which would lean into the Anean Continental War further crushing the country. For a time there is peace, until both the Osean-Erusean War and the Aurelian War between Aurelia and Leasath break out nearly at the same time with the former happening mere months before the latter. It is an age where technology is rapidly progressing, unmanned drones and laser weaponry becoming more prevalent and making one question if it will be a human behind the joystick of a plane for long. It’s a tough time to live in, and if these wars continue on the economy might take a rather rough turn.

Free Choice Time <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
You are in luck, it seems. The skies have opened themselves up to you, and you are as free as a bird in this endeavor. Choose any of the time periods listed above, and take care in this strange, real world.

[Origins: Location]

Osea <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
Officially known as the Osean Federation, this international superpower is a thriving country with a powerful economy and equally powerful military force to let it take center stage as one of Strangereal’s most prominent identities. As a result, Osea has been involved in a majority of the wars that have plagued this planet and have their fair share of rivals and resentment for it.

Yuktobania <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
Another large country that has a strong economy and military, it is considered one of Osea’s greatest rivals in the world. The Union of Yuktobanian Republics is renowned for its advances in aerospace engineering and ballistics missile weaponry, with an equally colored history in regards to conflict and wars compared to Osea. The two nations are in a Cold War which ends in 1995, when the Belkan War begins.

Emmeria <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
Neighboring the Federal Republic of Estovakia, this country has its origins heralding back to the 15th Century under the reign of King Aurelius II. There was infighting over what would become Gracemeria due to its fertile soil, until Aurelius II convinced everyone to stop and forged the Republic of Emmeria. In modern times, the Ulysses 1994XF04 satellite will cause significant damage to the country and wreak havoc on Estovakia, causing turmoil and conflict as the Estovakia Civil War causes uprooting and eventual war with Emmeria.

Erusea <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
Either a Federal Republic or a Kingdom depending on when you arrive, Erusea has more than its fair share of problems when the Ulysses 1994XF04 asteroid comes down on the world. With refugee camps being mismanaged and surrounding countries condemning them for not taking in even more refugees, the government will end up seizing the defense railgun platform Stonehenge and sparking the Second Usean Continental War.

Belka <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
The Principality of Belka is one of the most influential countries in the entire world, if not for its political extremists then for its legendary amount of ace pilots. Like Emmeria, Belka has its origins dating back to medieval times with emphasis on noble houses and lineage to Imperial Knights, which laid the groundwork for its nationalistic viewpoint. Be wary, for Belkan pilots are nothing to scoff at and during the Belkan War they will do whatever it takes to win.

Aurelia <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
The Federal Republic of Aurelia is bordered by Leasath to the north, with the Osean Federation further north from that. During the time of the Ulysses 1994XF04 asteroid, the country experiences great industrial and technological growth, including research on particle accelerators and meson energy technology. It served as Leasath’s humanitarian benefactor while the country dealt with a civil war, but was soon pulled into a war with them. Just be careful when they show up.

Megafloat Construction Site <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
Mostly a construction site when you get here, this place will eventually become the only sea-faring city in the planet’s history. A testament that the impossible can become possible, it will be a strong point for private research and naval support, along with being a staging point for aerial forces. Later on, there will be corporations who effectively use it as a military base, which might lead to its doom. But that won’t be for a while.

Expo City <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
It’s a site rife with construction and various places, but Expo City is ramping up to be one of the largest cities on the Usean Continent. Skyscrapers and unconventional building designs dot the land, it is a corporate paradise that encourages research and development of new technologies, but it also has a fully functional air base and a massive underground area that is protected by large blast doors. This place will undergo heavy conflict in the far future, but depending on what time you arrive it will be just another city.

Nordennavic <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
Located northwest of Emmeria and close to the North Pole, the Kingdom of Nordennavic is a rare country in that it maintains a strict neutrality and only has a military for defensive purposes only. Alas, the Ulysses 1994XF04 asteroid will change that to some extent as the Kingdom feared that their neutrality would be contested in the wake of the damage. Grendel Squadron will be formed to covertly influence many conflicts to ensure their neutrality would be untouched... maybe you’ll change that.

Free Choice Location <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
There is no boundary that is closed to you. No location in Strangereal that you cannot visit, no grounds you cannot tread. The place you start in is your choice, leaving you free to shape or alter the outcome of these battles as you see fit. Do not let this opportunity pass you by.

[Origins: Backgrounds/Identities]

Soldier <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
+Capable of working with others and gauging their strengths and weaknesses \n +Group tactics are second nature to you \n -Not very used to fighting solo \n -Will be scorned if you start changing sides \n Those who read the tide. You’re here to do your job, and nothing much to it. You won’t go out of your way to harm people as a professional combatant, but when the order comes in? You won’t hesitate to pull the trigger in order to get the advantage on your opponent. Pragmatism and nationality are your bread and butter.

Knight <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
+Able to pick out friend from foe very easy \n +Considered an example of how a combatant should be \n -Expect enemies to try and take advantage \n -Tactics might be limited in doing the right thing \n Those who live for pride. You know the reasons you fight, and you’ll stick to them. You’re determined and loyal, and will stop at nothing to make sure the right side wins. They say that War is Hell, but you are living proof that even Hell has its angels with the example that you can set for others. Go forth, noble warrior, and ensure that righteousness prevails.

Mercenary <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
+Cutthroat in both tactics and skill \n +Free as the wind; you owe loyalty to no one save yourself \n -Scorned as just a vulture seeking to profit from war \n -Don’t expect much support without money involved \n Those that seek strength. You care not for which side has the best ideals, or what cause fuels the current war. You care only for the money, and money is plentiful when countries clash and war rages across the world. Your skills will ensure you get top dollar for your contributions, but when you’re at the top with only your money as company, will it really be worth it?

Engineer <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
+Skills with technology and machinery often used in the war \n +Almost everyone is going to rely on you \n -Almost everyone is going to rely on you \n -Superweapons and machines of war leave a bad taste in people’s mouths \n Those who fuel the flames. Rather than focus on the war, honor, or political systems between everyone, you focus on the machines that wars run on. You enjoy tinkering on planes, and nothing quite makes you smile like the roar of a freshly tuned thruster. However, there are many countries that focus on aerial fortresses or superweapons... hopefully you’re not squeamish.

Politician <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
+Excellent way with words when talking to others \n +Your influence could change or end wars, saving lives \n -Your influence could also start or prolong wars too \n -No skills in actual combat, which could pose a problem \n Those who light the spark. Even if all the focus is on the skies and the fields of battle choked with bodies and charred metal, all too often people forget who it is that can begin or end the wars that they fight. They also tend to forget who it is that can commission the weapons that are being used. You may have greater power than you realize, but take care to not let that power consume you.


[Skills And Abilities]

Soundtrack <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
When you take to the skies, it does not always have to be on a somber note. As you fly to your mission, dogfight, or assault an enemy position you’ll have the soundtrack of your choice playing in the background. Others can hear this if you wish, and you can turn this off at any time. Perfect for when you want to hype yourself up for a situation.

Basic Flight Training <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
If you couldn’t fly before, you have a basic idea of how to fly a plane now. You know how to maneuver the joystick properly, which button fires the missiles, and how to properly land a plane without creating a multi-million dollar pile of scrap. It won’t save you if you dive into a massive swarm of planes all by yourself, but you can learn.

Missile Surplus <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
Well this is odd. Any plane you pilot seems to hold an unnatural number of missiles for its type, far more than it should. You’re not sure where it’s getting this many missiles, but you’ll have to restock them if you run out. The same thing happens with special weapons, though you have to have a working model to attach if you want to swap it out.

Comm Chatter <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
While an important part of war is knowing what your opponent is up to, sometimes it’s good for puffing your ego up too. For whatever reason, your radio will occasionally catch communications being broadcast from the enemy. This can range from important information to wild surprise at your antics. Not too useful, but good for knowing how you’re doing.

Running Circles <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
[Free: Soldier] Constantly moving around and doing sharp turns will play havoc on a body normally, but for the sake of your allies and your cause, you have trained yourself to handle more. Your battlefield awareness is increased to let you know how much room you have and time to act on things, making complex maneuvers noticeably easier on yourself as you fly around and pull off dangerous stunts. Do it enough and it might make others think you’re a demon of sorts.

Radar Maestro <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
[Discount: Soldier] Someone able to multitask between radar sight and visual sight is a prize to have in any aerial fighting force, but you? Your radar equipment may as well be glued to your head with this option. You’re an expert at managing and keeping an eye on the radar while fighting, and have a preternatural knack of knowing when to pop flares for messing with missile locks. You may as well become a ghost while you fly the sky.

Demon Lord <Ace Combat JumpChain> {400}
[Discount: Soldier] A soldier brings concern. An ace brings fear. You? You bring terror when you arrive, for the demon has come to collect. Your skills in reading opponents and exploiting any weakness they show makes you a monster in the skies, capable of striking down those who would dare cross your baleful gaze. Just by looking at your allies and targets, you get a good idea of their plane capabilities, as well as how they’ll use it. Your multitasking goes up tremendously as well, being able to maintain a strong situational awareness for your allied planes and the battlefield.

Nemesis Squadron <Ace Combat JumpChain> {600}
[Discount: Soldier] Grabacr Squadron. Yellow Squadron. Strigon Team. These were the soldiers who could turn the tide of war and bring utter dread to the enemy when they took to the field. Teams of Aces are both beautiful and terrifying when they come together, and now you have the chance to join their ranks. When in combat with a small team of allies, their effectiveness in battle will be enhanced significantly along with yours, with each of you having an instinctive awareness of what the other will be doing. Even better, newcomers will find that their combat prowess and skills in battle will climb rapidly when working with you, quickly catching up to the rest of you in a matter of weeks.

Targeting Algorithm <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
[Free: Knight] A moment’s hesitation in the field can mean all the difference, so lock on and fire away! Your targeting computers seem to lock on a lot faster than normal computers, and can identify IFF tags the moment they get in range to differentiate between neutral and enemy targets. This will help with picking your targets and who you want to be firing on, so that there will be no accidents when you go off into the field of war.

Living Chivalry <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
[Discount: Knight] There is something to be said about upholding a code of conduct in battle and being an example to those who witness you. Who knows, you might encourage them. So long as you hold a certain code of ethics in battle and go out of your way to uphold it, you will find that it not only boosts morale among your allies, but also encourages those you fight with to do the same. It’s heinous to put AAguns on top of hospitals, but if you show you’re willing to brave the guns and use the machine gun to pick the gun emplacement without harming the hospital? Your allies will fight harder knowing a true hero flies among them.

Sick Maneuvers <Ace Combat JumpChain> {400}
[Discount: Knight] The only time pilots fly in a straight line is if they’re getting somewhere in a hurry. In combat, they’ll fly in anything but a straight line. There’s no point sitting around and waiting for the enemy to shoot you down, so off you go! You’re more or less a master of turns, tricks, plays, and any number of things you want to do. Sudden Split-S? Done. Want to pull an impromptu Cobra? You’ll never fail at it. Climbing and descending becomes child’s play to you as well, pulling these off faster than normal and being able to figuratively change directions on a dime. On the plus side? You never have vertigo again.

Wielder of Excalibur <Ace Combat JumpChain> {600}
[Discount: Knight] In ancient times, there were legends of a mythical sword which could only be removed from a stone by a true king. The king was meant to be noble, fair, and wise in leading the country to glory. You may not have a physical sword, but your skills in leading others is still among the legends. Your tactical knowledge and ability to adapt plans on the go is second-to-none, with your leadership skills to a level where you could orchestrate an entire battle with ease while fighting alongside them. Lead by example, and they will follow you wherever you go.

Magnificent Bastard <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
[Free: Mercenary] Mostpilotswould hesitate when seeing poor odds in a battle where even the slightest chance of failure could mean a fiery and painful death. Most wouldn’t be sure how to come out on top from it. However, it goes without saying that you’re not most people. Most situations you have an instinctive knowledge of how to plan around your objectives and the defenses surrounding it, along with the drive to see it through. On the plus side, you know whether it’s even worth turning the tide of the battle. You need to keep the money coming, after all.

The Dosh King <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
[Discount: Mercenary] Being a fighter for hire is all fun and games when you look at the bright side of things, but when it comes down to it your freedom comes at a price. You don’t have a stable income like most soldiers, nor do you have a country to call your own. Thus you have learned to keep an eye out. Not only are you able to easily figure out which side of a conflict would be more willing to pay you along with finding side jobs, but you’re also able to negotiate the terms to give you a considerable amount of money or special items to assist you in doing your job. Some call it price gouging. You call it hazard pay.

Boom and Zoom <Ace Combat JumpChain> {400}
[Discount: Mercenary] Some would say it’s powerful attacks that win wars. Others say it’s the means to weather any strike. You? You know that it’s all about speed and striking before the enemy knows what’s happening. You can accelerate and decelerate faster than others could, and the faster you go the more damage your weapons will do. Your reflexes have been tuned to the point where you could accurately drop missiles regardless of your speed, and when engaging in fast battles you find that G-forces barely have an effect on you. Keep it up, and they’ll never see you coming.

Tidal Wave <Ace Combat JumpChain> {600}
[Discount: Mercenary] Everyone has to start from somewhere. That’s what they always say, to comfort themselves should they face innumerable odds. Yet there’s another phrase as well: It’s darkest before dawn. Should you involve yourself in a war on the losing side and start delivering surgical victories, you’ll find that this starts to build momentum. Maybe the file-and-rank soldiers start becoming better. Maybe they get better equipment. Who’s to say? But the more you win, the more your side will start going from the losing side to the winning side, so long as you keep on winning for them. You could be what they need to turn this around.

Don't Need a Team <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
[Free: Engineer] Fighter planes are pretty complicated machines, and more often than not you need a whole crew to maintain them so that they don’t break down in the middle of a fight and doom the pilot. You know your plane well enough to circumvent this issue. You’ve got just the right idea on what needs tuning up and what needs fixing, along with having the speed to be able to fix a plane up by yourself without the need for a crew in a fraction of the time. Performance issues are a thing of the past for you.

Runway Troubleshooting <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
[Discount: Engineer] Fighter planes are finicky things, often requiring you to land on smooth, flat surfaces like an aircraft carrier or a runway. You know that such luxuries aren’t always present, and so exactly know how to move your plane, and land it in even the harshest conditions. Whether the carrier is getting rocked by waves, or if you need to land on a rough patch of ground, or any other crazy condition, you can do it. You could even land your plane if it was partially on fire and missing one wing.

Technical Certainties <Ace Combat JumpChain> {400}
[Discount: Engineer] Some engineers are always second guessing themselves, sticking to maintenance of machines that others use. You’re so sure of your skills that you’re capable of altering fighter planes to great effect, making them noticeably better than they were fresh out of the factory. Upgrades will be easy provided you have resources, and your technical prowess will ensure your plane can serve whatever role you wish of it. You could even slave the controls of ground weapons to your computers, becoming a conductor of war from the skies. You might even be knowledgeable enough to build the next superweapon...

Wonder Weapons <Ace Combat JumpChain> {600}
[Discount: Engineer] ...or you could most definitely be knowledgeable enough, your cleverness being enough to plunge entire continents into a state of panic. The engineering prowess you possess is nothing short of amazing, being able to expertly design powerful anti-asteroid weapons such as the Stonehenge facility or the Excalibur tower, or aerial fortresses like the Arsenal Bird or the Aigaion-class heavy command cruiser. What’s more, you’ll find the intrigue of such weapons can get countries to seriously consider funding your projects. It is time for you to own these shattered skies.

Quite the Talker <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
[Free: Politician] If there’s one thing a politician is known for, it’s the gift of gab. Grandiose speeches and eloquent bouts of nationalism don’t matter much if you can’t talk on and on about things. That’s why you’ve got quite the set of lungs on you with this, being able to talk for longer than most people while possessing a strong voice that conveys authority. When you speak, others better be prepared to listen.

Logistical Mind <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
[Discount: Politician] In times of peace, politicians have to think about poll numbers and reputations... but in times of war they must instead focus on properly supplying their soldiers and ensuring their country has the resources to win. With this option, you will have an idea of what it takes. Moving things across an army will be fairly easy, and you’ll be acutely aware of what projects and battles will take what kinds of resources. Just try not to go over budget.

Heir of the Kestrel <Ace Combat JumpChain> {400}
[Discount: Politician] Those who take office must understand the people, but more importantly they must have the hearts of the people as well. You will have their hearts. Not only do you have a strong charisma about you that can draw people towards you, but you can convey your words in such a way that they would stop to think about what you said before making a conclusion. These are the kinds of talks that could end war by peace negotiations... or sparking the fires of nationalism to encourage a hostile takeover in the name of your nation.

Unsung War <Ace Combat JumpChain> {600}
[Discount: Politician] Have you heard of the story of the Grey Men? It was a group of Belkan supremacists who were angry at losing the war, and had taken revenge through quite the intricate conspiracy that had spread its tendrils through a number of organizations. You have taken a note from them, and have learned their ways. You’re capable of making plans that span for decades, as well as finding openings to send agents in with near-perfect cover stories and using political developments to further your own agendas. You’re clever enough to do this while maintaining a near air-tight alibi as a public figure, to boot. Let them choke on their false victory. 

Snug Suit <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
What the... this is a place of combat and war, not a movie set! What is going on here? An abnormal amount of fighter pilots seems to have good looks, and with this you’re no exception. You would easily make anyone in the entertainment industry look homely, and as a bonus you can choose to have your flight suit look fitting or snug on your body without it losing any effectiveness. People are going to give you odd looks, so be mindful of what you’re doing.

Demons of Razgriz <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
Wars have been known to destroy a legend and leave it to die. However, wars can give rise to legends as well. You seem to fall within the latter, with notable achievements in battle causing your reputation among the sides of the conflict to start learning about you and beginning to attach a title or moniker to you. They may even end up getting wildly inaccurate ideas about you, like a vengeful squadron possessed by demons come to slay the enemy, or that so long as a ribbon was in the sky that the battle could not be lost. Curious how legends take shape, no?

Missile Massacre <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
When it comes to wartime films and romanticizing of conflict, fighter planes fire off only one missile and have to do so one at a time. Contrary to popular belief, however, not all missiles work the same. You laugh at such a notion. You not only have a sixth sense on when to fire your missiles for maximum effect, but you can also fire up to six missiles simultaneously with this perk. You shall be a plague upon this land.

Sublimation <Ace Combat JumpChain> {300}
As humanity progresses into the future, the pace of technology development and application will also increase. This goes beyond the development of war machines and weapons of mass destruction, for it also applies to the attempt of becoming more than they are. The knowledge you possess here is an example of such progress, being able to perfectly scan and upload a copy of a person’s mind to an electronic machine. Their personality, memories, and thoughts will be encompassed in this scan, as they become a digital entity that can travel through electronic networks. Transcend limitations of the flesh.

Belkan Heritage <Ace Combat JumpChain> {300}
In the nation of Belka, the pride of having the blood of ancient knights is so great that the noble houses have political sway to this very day. Even with that, there might be something to it as the nation tends to produce an abnormal amount of Aces that brought absolute terror to the beginnings of the Belkan War. You have the blood of one of the noble houses, and with it an unnatural aptitude with fighter planes that seems to only climb more and more with each battle to turn you into an Ace among Aces in time. Strangely enough this trait seems to be inheritable... maybe you’ll start your own Belkan Noble House? If you wish, you can use this to be a non-Belkan noble of another country.

[Companions]

Never Fly Alone <Ace Combat JumpChain> {50}
[Retake Limit: 4] Multiple purchases allowed. Any fighter pilot worth their salt will tell you that it’s suicide to go by yourself. It might be a good idea to take that advice to heart. Choosing this option grants you the ability to bring up to two companions for 50CP, with an additional 50CP for each two companions to bring for a maximum of 8 companions with you. Doing this grants them human forms if need be and gives them ten years of experience in flying the skies along with eerie team coordination, along with a free background and 500CP to spend on skills and abilities. Let the world know your might.

Alex <Ace Combat JumpChain> {50}
This particular entity is not a person. At least not in the traditional sense. What you have here is a genuine Artificial Intelligence, able to compile data and sift through information networks in the time it’d take you to pour yourself a cup of coffee. Naturally the more data you give it, the better its prediction algorithms will become. It’ll also adapt its personality to one that best stimulates your thinking processes and is enjoyable to be around. Just be warned... its powerful analysis coding has created a quirk that makes it snark at people. A lot.

Maximillian Weber; “Mole Man” <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
When one thinks of Belkan fighter pilots, they often think of the strike fighters that can shred their enemies with a single flyby and bring doom to any air support. This rugged, lumberjack-esque pilot is different, preferring to pilot a B-2A Spirit Bomber and fly low to the ground in order to deliver a punishing carpet bombing to large swathes of land at a time. He tends to enjoy corny monster films, and will often play the theme songs of the monsters when approaching his target to amuse himself with taking the role of a terrifying monster. Maximillian Weber comes with all the freebies of the ‘Soldier’ background, as well as ‘Radar Maestro’, ‘Targeting Algorithm’, ‘Boom and Zoom’, and ‘Missile Massacre’.

Cassandra Lane; “Scalpel” <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
With looks like her, this bombshell of a brunette could have been a peace-time model. Her figure almost seems impossible with how she fills out a flight suit, but the Erusean pilot will mention that it’s due to being precise with her actions and intent that she’s able to keep her appearance in such good condition. The woman’s plane of choice is an experimental R-101 Delphinus #1plane, practically with cutting-edge technology depending on which timeline you arrive in that allows her to engage in surgical strikes. Cassandra comes with all the freebies of the ‘Knight’ background, as well as ‘Demon Lord’, ‘Living Chivalry’, ‘Don’t Need A Team’, and ‘Snug Suit’.

Mila Smirnov; “Godseye” <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
Knowledge is power, and this Yuktobanian radar specialist wants all the knowledge she can get. Struck with a rare case of albinism, Mila looks like she could sneak into a high school and not look out of place despite nearly being in her 30s thanks to her diminutive size. It might explain why she fell in love with the idea of knowing everything and using that knowledge against anyone who would belittle her. Mila’s plane of choice is an SR-71 Blackbird outfitted with the most advanced radar technology she can get her hands on, preferring to fly in the upper skies in safety. Mila comes with all the freebies of the ‘Mercenary’ background as well as ‘Radar Maestro’, ‘Targeting Algorithm’, ‘The Dosh King’, ‘Quite The Talker’, and ‘Logistical Mind’.

Anatoly Kuznetsov <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
...okay what is going on here. With flowing, platinum blonde-hair and child-bearing hips, this engineer is considered the flower of their base. As a technician of Belkan descent, their piercing green eyes notice almost any detail and they’re always talking about ideas to streamline or upgrade technologies they have access to while innovating ideas for technologies they don’t have access to. With all that and a face that was as beautiful as a flower, he’s the envy of every woman on the base... yes, I said ‘he’. Anatoly likes to tinker on a Su-47 Berkut fighter plane on his spare time, likening it to his idea of a car project. Anatoly comes with all the freebies of the ‘Engineer’ background as well as ‘The Dosh King’, ‘Technical Certainties’, ‘Logistical Mind’, and ‘Snug Suit’.

Johnathan Graves <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
He may be a bit old with how long he’s been in the circle of politics, but this wizened man with an impressive beard has seen a lot of the bickering and squabbling that comes with a country as large as the Osean Federation. Many times he’s expressed envy at the youthful pilots who fly into the sky and simply have to focus on returning home successfully, but when push comes to shove he’s willing to do what it takes to ensure those he cares for has the best his country can offer them. Johnathan is a bit quirky and owns an F-22A Raptor plane in a private hangar, often sitting in the cockpit and imagining himself going to war with all the others to understand what it takes for them to achieve glory in the air. Johnathan comes with all the freebies of the ‘Politician’ background as well as ’Running Circles’, ‘Magnificent Bastard’, ‘The Dosh King’, ‘Logistical Mind’, ‘Heir of the Kestrel’, and ‘Demons of Razgriz’.

Isabella Roth “Vampire” <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
With blood red hair and eyes of emerald green, this Estovakianair pilot revels in only one thing: The thrill of combat. Every time she’s pushed to her limits she feels alive, and with every enemy defeated her excitement and joy only increases. It is for this reason there are rumors that she uses the lives of others to continue living herself. No one knows if this is the case, but the effort she’s gone through to obtain prominent canine teeth shows she encourages these rumors. Isabella enjoys flying the YF-23 Black Widow II with a black and red color scheme, a crimson rose on one of the wings as her personal emblem. Isabella comes with all the freebies of the ‘Soldier’ background as well as ‘Demon Lord’, ‘Boom and Zoom’, and ‘Missile Massacre’.

Larisa von Künsberg “Queen” <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
The nation of Belka puts pride in their lineage to the ancient order of knights, enough that the noble houses still hold political sway. Perhaps that is why some Aces see themselves as modern knights, such as this young silver-haired princess with eyes of ice blue and skin like porcelain. She prefers to lead by example, and will always take care to ensure she can bring as many allies back home as she can. On her off-time she’s a fan of dancing to stay fit, and will swear it keeps troop morale up as beauty is meant to be cherished and shown. Larisa fancies the F-117A Nighthawkwith a Belkan color scheme, to ensure her allies will always know she never hides behind them. Larisa comes with all the freebies of the ‘Knight’ background as well as ‘Radar Maestro’, ‘Living Chivalry’, ‘Snug Suit’, and ‘Belkan Heritage’.

“Revelation” <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
No one knows much about this pilot... or has ever seen them outside of their plane, only knowing about them with audio calls or text messages. They insist that they have seen the folly of man, and work for only themselves in the end as they attempt to plunder the technological advancements Humanity will make, aiding whichever side will offer them the most advanced technology as a reward. Whenever they are seen with the unnatural XR-45 Cariburnin the jet black paint, they use maneuvers that make others think there isn’t a human in the plane. ...or maybe there’s no one in the plane at all. “Revelation” comes with the freebies of the ‘Mercenary’ background as well as ‘Sick Maneuvers’ and ‘Sublimation’.

Jessica Sanders <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
The fact that this young girl managed to get this far in her job without the Osean Federation putting her on trial is either proof that the top brass is incompetent, or that they’re will fully ignorant of her quirks. Allies on the base will note that she is unerringly polite to most people and tries to do what she can to help out with a smile on her face. What they’ll try to tell you in secret is that beneath her raven black hair and blue eyes with light brown skin that she absolutely hates it when someone starts messing with whatever she’s working on. That breaks her focus, and that’s enough of a berserk button that she’s caused more than her fair share of broken limbs or worse. Jessica favors the MiG-35D Super Fulcrumand tinkers on her spare time with it, painting it with multiple characters from eastern animation out of humor. Jessica comes with all the freebies of the ‘Engineer’ background as well as ‘The Dosh King’, ‘Technical Certainties’, and ‘Wonder Weapons’.

Astrid Eriksen <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
A relative newcomer into the world of politics, this Emmerianblonde woman has a vibrant nature to her that seems almost infectious when she gets going. It’s gotten her a lot of scoffing and disrespect by a lot of the older men in bureaucratic rings, but she likes to think she has what they don’t: The ability to listen and understand what the people are saying. It’s time for the politicians to listen to the people again. Whenever she’s not calling people out on their bullshit, she’s helping local air bases test out the experimental ASF-X Shinden II and ensuring that the next generation will be in safer hands both in the air and on the ground. Astrid comes with all the freebies of the ‘Politician’ background as well as ‘Living Chivalry’, ‘Heir of the Kestrel’, and ‘Unsung War’.

AWACS “Night-Eye” <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
More of a group than a single person, the crew in this modified E-767 have one single goal in mind: Monitoring the battlefield. This means they’ll call out any mission updates, providing mission details and details on enemy units, analyzing unknown enemies and buildings, and aiding in organizing the strike force they happen to be accompanying at the time. This often makes them invaluable during a battle that’s getting chaotic, as it helps to have people watching your back from relative safety. At your discretion, you may choose the gender ratio of this crew.

Canon Companion <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
Ah, have your eyes one someone specific in this world do you? It’s understandable, there’s some very outspoken and memorable people that can be found here, fighting for what they believe in and going against the world for the sake of seeing their dreams realized. By selecting this option, the fates will conspire to place you in frequent contact with them and give you a perfect opportunity to make your pitch to take them along in your journey. Let them see skies unknown.

[Store: Items]

Tool Box <Ace Combat JumpChain> {50}
[Free: Engineer] Machines are like people, in a sense. You have to take care of them, or they’ll break down over time. Unlike people, however, machines are comparatively easy to fix and upgrade so long as you have the right tools and the right resources. This large box with a handle will guarantee the former, holding all the tools you need in order to fix up and repair vehicles like jeeps and fighter planes to ensure they keep at peak performance. With this, you can be sure that you’re never lacking the right tool for the right job. For an undiscounted +50CP, you have an upgraded tool kit that would not only allow you to fine-tune and upgrade machines with ease, but you have a large assortment of tools that will make repairs and upgrades considerably easier for others you task to repair machines as well. Teamwork, after all.

Custom Pen <Ace Combat JumpChain> {50}
[Free: Politician] Sometimes, the pen really is mightier than the sword. With a single stroke a person can start or end a war. With a simple signature, the country could be transformed overnight. That’s why you need to do it in style, a brilliantly customized fountain pen that will not only never run out of ink, but any documents you sign with it have very little chance of being contested as any kind of forgery, ensuring that people will know you want something done and will waste little time arguing it. For an undiscounted +50CP you can choose what kind of ‘ink’ the fountain pen fills with and hand out copies to select people to ensure your subordinates enjoy the same comfort. Less arguing, more doing.

National Flag <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
[Free: Soldier] Having a large flag flying over a base or a government building does more than establish just who’s in charge of the local area. It instills patriotism and morale for those serving under that flag, reminding them of just what they’re fighting to protect. So long as the flag flies, their ideals and their beliefs remain steadfast. That’s why we have a large crate of replenishing flags of various sizes, all in a design and color scheme of your choice to raise up in locations. Locations with these flags will have troops more determined to defend them, and enemies a bit more hesitant to attack. Of course, the more reputation you or your organizations build up, the more these effects will increase. Raise your flag, and put on your game face.

Personal Brand <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
[Free: Knight] When a squadron takes to the sky, their planes are sometimes adorned with an insignia to let other allies know who it is that is fighting in the skies above them. However, when these pilots become Aces their emblem can become more than a mark of identification. It can become a symbol of hope or fear depending on who looks at it. You now have such a symbol of your choice that you can place on your equipment or vehicles that will significantly boost morale for your allies and sow dread among enemies who become aware of just who they’re messing with. Upon placing an emblem, you may choose to have the equipment or vehicle take on a color scheme to go with the emblem.

Market Connection <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
[Free: Mercenary] You can shoot your gun and fly your plane all day, but that won’t stop the truth that’s waiting for you at the ground: You need to be paid to put food on the table. Without money to finance your freelance life there won’t be much you can do, and so that’s where networking and connections come in. This black book has addresses and contact information of government officials and private businessmen who would be willing to pay for mercenaries like yourself, as well as a minimum price that they’re willing to pay. The more successful jobs you pull and the higher your reputation gets, the larger the list gets along with the pay you can get out of them. War is good for business, after all.

Optimization Computer <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
[Free: Engineer] Pilots are rather finicky people the longer they last throughout a war. Maybe it’s because the more they fly, the more they expand their horizons and feel comfortable in deviating from the standard. Nevertheless, it’s up to you to handle these strange jobs and make sure these pilots don’t get themselves killed in their greed. This computer has one purpose only; take scans of vehicles, and provide detailed statistics and simulations on how modifications would change their effectiveness. This way you can tell if the tweak to those thrusters will be an actual boon or if you’re going to need to repair them after each battle because they keep burning through the wiring with their heat output. A pilot with a fine-tuned plane is a deadly pilot.

Office Desk <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
[Free: Politician] Running an organization or country takes work, and it can be hard when the work starts to pile up in times of economic stress or times of war. When everything is going to hell and you find it’s all crashing down, it gets worse. That’s why every official worth their salt needs an organized desk that helps them streamline the process. With this, you have a perfectly serviceable desk made from a mundane wood of your choice that organizes your paperwork by subject and importance, while handling and signing the papers in a way you would do it so day-to-day management is a breeze. This will ensure the most important matters are brought to your attention each time, so you can focus on the real issues currently plaguing you.

Noble Paraphernalia <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
[Free: Belkan Heritage] One of the best things about being a blue blood is the fact that you can lord it over the lesser folk. Or if you’re feeling like a good person, use it as an excuse to promote Noblesse Oblige and infuriate those who would be selfish. Yet for all of that, you need the means to prove that you are, in fact, originating from a higher class. This small package contains a signet ring, a choice of cloak or coat in a fashion of your choice, and legal documentation that proves that you are indeed of noble blood. Should you have ‘National Flag’ or ‘Personal Brand’, you may choose to have that symbol be your sigil.

Blueprints <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
It’s one thing to fly around in the skies and present yourself as an angel of vengeance here to deliver glorious fire to the wingless masses below. It’s another to realize that you are but one pilot. Sure one pilot can make a difference, but war is rarely, if ever, a single-person effort. You need more planes in the air to make a tried-and-true war effort to support the troops on the ground. Using this miraculous item, you can make easy-to-understand blueprints of any vehicle you own in order to supply it to others, letting them recreate the machine with ease or set it up for mass production. Choke the skies with your might.

Pilot Simulator <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
Most times, when it comes to training with fighter planes you’re restricted to flying around and trying maneuvers on account of most planes costing tens of millions of dollars on the low end... each. So how are you supposed to train for firing off weapons and taking on entire forces? Fortunately, this sophisticated VR machine lets you plug in the specs of a vehicle you want to practice in while also programming in various encounters for you to test your skills. As you become better, the algorithms will improve and develop new recommendations for skill areas you need improving on, while increasing the skill of the virtual enemies as well. Peace time should be no excuse for not being strong.

Munitions Supply <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
Rarely is there a worse feeling than flying through the air, lining an enemy right in your crosshairs... and finding that you have no ammunition at all and you’re just a flying tin can. Better to avoid this entire situation and just get yourself a nifty supply to keep yourself stocked up, mm? With this purchase you have a personal stockpile of bombs, missiles, and bullets for the equipment of your plane that continually replenishes as you burn through it to ensure you will never need to leave the hangar bay lacking on ammunition. 

UAV Drone <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
Solid intel can be pretty hard to come by, especially on the battlefield. Anything can change in the blink of an eye, and by the time you realize what’s happening half of your forces could be charred husks. That’s where the development of these drones came in, as a way to launch remote eyes into the battlefield and into enemy lines to perform reconnaissance duties and provides valuable information. Of course, this drone can not only be configured for stealth purposes but also for attack purposes, equipping four missiles or a small machine gun to deliver a small payload to a designated target. For a multi-purpose and intelligence gathering drone, this is the best option that comes with the blueprints to make more if needed.

Memorial Room <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
Sometimes, a hero can appear immortal when they face impossible odds and come back home. They can make a soldier feel like they can do anything. That only makes it worse when you realize the amount of soldiers that have marched forward or taken off into the sky, only to never return home. Death and sacrifice is a part of war, and so that is why there is this somber Warehouse Attachment. Made from a material of your choice, this room will fill with the names of those who have died while under your service so that in death they will be eternal. You can choose to have specific names obtain their own section with a marker such as a torch or tree to mark the passing of an exceptional person... or even reserve an entire room for one who is worthy of such an honor. Remember the fallen, my friend.

Doctrine Booklet <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
[Discount: Soldier] Do you know what the difference is between a soldier and a barbarian? It is a matter of discipline and order. It is a matter of holding yourself to higher standards, and maintaining proper training for both you and those who work with you. That discipline must be upheld if you are to prove that you are better than a mere barbarian. This booklet will aid you in honing your personal skills and keeping them at a professional level, along with the techniques being helpful in turning rowdy and rambunctious recruits into solid, skillful soldiers. You could train up an army within a significantly reduced time as a result. Go forth.

Training Course <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
[Discount: Soldier] As much as people would like to imagine that air combat is the only way to win a war, the truth is that the soldiers on the ground are often seen as unsung heroes. They take over what cannot be destroyed, and provide valuable support for those pilots in the air. Often times the pilots are the ones doing the supporting because the soldiers on the ground have the more pressing tasks. That’s why you need to keep them in tip-top shape with this large and rather complex training course that is not only easy to maintain and upgrade, but will greatly assist in the physical training and improvement of those you force through it. Get down to business.

Inspiring Storybook <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
[Discount: Knight):The old heroes of legend were ones that they sang stories of. Bards and scribes clamoring to regale the tale of those who would face down armies or slay monsters. But the most powerful heroes are ones that were always true to themselves, never breaking their personal code or violating their ethics in the name of justice and honor. You now have a story book which regales such moral tales, letting anyone who read them become inspired by the notion of chivalry and personal honor. It could make someone at least reconsider evil ways, or even try to become a better person by wanting to be like the ones in the books. This can be filled with your own victories that fit the moral criteria if you wish.

Hall of Victories <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
[Discount: Knight] The best victories are ones that can be shared amongst your peers. After all, what is the point of being successful if you’re all alone at the end of it? All it does is provide despair in the end, with no one to share your stories with or inspire with your countless battles. That’s why you can prepare for sharing your victories with this large dining area, styled like a medieval banquet hall with painted murals on the walls and ceilings with examples of the best battles you have engaged in. Those who look upon them will be inspired, and will find themselves more willing to follow the codes that they portray. Even better, should you wish it the tales of your followers can be found in the murals to let them know that no true knight is ever forgotten.

Business Card <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
[Discount: Mercenary] They say that there is no greater glory than to serve your country, that you should be honored to be seen as a hero of the people... fuck that. You know that it’s money and reputation that matters the most. But how to present that? That’s where this business card comes in. Not only does it come in a snazzy design of your choice, but it’s also a testament to your skills. Anyone who looks upon this card will get a good idea of how skilled you are at your job as well as how wealthy you are, and it would make recruitment into your own organizations significantly easier if you’re the type to be hiring. Shut down arguments and lure others to the dark side of wars today!

Seedy Locale <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
[Discount: Mercenary] Not all mercenaries meet in a shady location hidden away in the underbelly of a city, nor are they always acting like some secretive group that needs a password to enter... but the romance behind such a place is sometimes too good to resist. In a dark alleyway in the slums of a city or in a remote location is this bar and restaurant, with just the right kind of dim lightning and menu that will find mercenaries and would-be bounty hunters using it as a sort of hub. You can set up a password if you want it to be more of a higher-class sort of establishment, but overall this will help you recruit and find a group of like-minded hired guns in little time or effort. Sometimes it’s nice to be surrounded by like-minded company.

Electrosphere Infrastructure <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
[Discount: Engineer] Technology is an important part of human society. It is because of technology and industry that the species has managed to elevate themselves from stone castles and superstitions to steel bastions and instant communication regardless of distance. Whoever controls this technology more often than not controls the world. Take that control. You have assorted blueprints for powerful satellites and wireless antennae what will allow you to create and maintain a powerful network around a planet, provided you had servers to help store the data. But that’s your only issue, as the signal strength for these things will have vast data transfer capabilities, enough to even send a human mind somewhere...

Custom Forge <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
[Discount: Engineer] Sometimes, you just can’t trust the factory parts that come with the plane. Sure the thrusters are good, but the knobs on the console might be poor in quality and the landing gear might be a little thinner than normal to shave off costs. This is simply unacceptable. This place has a 3D printer, smelter, and forge with all the smaller tools needed to shape, reshape, and cast what you need to create anything from pieces of guns or medals to sections of a plane or a tank! With this you could slowly build a plane from scratch if you had the know-how for such things, and even make them of higher quality than usual thanks to the high-end tools you have here. To dance with the angels, one should notbe weak.


Tools of the Grey Men <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
[Discount: Politician] In an age of technology where there’s eyes and ears everywhere, it can be hard to get a secret society or conspiracy going without anyone finding out. This isn’t even including the problems with identifying your own members on a glance. Not to worry, you’re covered with this. Special pins and rings to act as identifiers to only members, guides to initiation ceremonies that help to keep the silence of members, and even ancient documents that help you decide who would be a good fit for such a society. After all, it would bode ill to allow traitors or talkers into the ranks.

Legislative Hall <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
[Discount: Politician] Those who write the laws or debate their existence do not conduct their own business just anywhere, do they? Of course not. They need a place that shows how important their job is, if the grand buildings are any indicator. That’s why you have one of your own, with large flags and marble flooring that holds a personal office for you as well as a large room for gatherings and debates. Actions decided in here will spread far more quickly through your organization than usual; a decision to go to war might have the troops prepping for battle within the hour, if not less. Of course, there’s also smaller and hidden rooms for meetings you want hidden away...

Noble House <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
[Free: Belkan Heritage] Those who find themselves within the graces of Nobility must take care not to find themselves mingling with... those of a lower class. After all, lineage is something to be cherished and celebrated. Of course, if one is not of noble blood, that just makes owning this thing to piss nobles off all the better. A luxurious mansion that gives impressions of a modernized castle, this place has an interior design of your choice and all manners of amenities like a dining hall, a private pool, and even a knighting hall that you can use to officially make others true Knights by right of noble lineage should you have it. You may also apply the free ‘Basic Hangar Bay’item to it, making an underground hangar with doorways to let it out as needed. Perhaps with this, you could bring about a new era of Belkan Knights or create a different order?

Container Launch System <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
An oncoming fleet of airships lights up on the radar real quick, which can be a real problem when you want to be quick about things. Drones don’t care about that sort of thing, but you need a way to sneak the drones to your target. That’s where this comes in. You have multiple shipping containers that are in truth, launch systems for up to three UAV drones. It will have them labeled as something else, and with the blueprints to make more or adjust them for different UAVs you could probably get an entire horde behind enemy lines waiting for the activation signal. Once you send it, they’ll launch up and begin following their programming.

Scinfaxi-class Submarine <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
All of this stuff that deals with the ground and the sky... yet they forget something very important. Over 70% of Strangereal is covered in water, which means the sea is just as deadly once you find a way to weaponize it. A nuclear-powered submarine that’s large enough to act as an underwater carrier to ferry a squadron of VTOL aircraft around the globe, this submarine is also equipped with both an assortment of AA emplacements and a small fleet of UAVs to act as scouts or attack with its machine gun to ensure that any time it surfaces, it’s to the detriment of its enemies. For an undiscounted +100CP, this submarine also comes equipped with long-range Burst Missiles that explode in mid-air and decimate anything below five thousand feet with what veterans describe as ‘molten steel rain’ due to the concussive blast and intense heat the explosions generate.

Gerald R. Ford-class Air Supercarrier <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
Something of a testament to how strange, yet real this world can be. This nuclear-powered aircraft carrier is one of the most powerful naval aircraft carriers in the world, succeeding the Nimitz-class carrier in both technological prowess and requirements. Utilizing an Electromagnetic Air Launch System and an Advanced Arresting Gear, the ship can catch and launch planes in rapid succession along with utilizing a laser system to shoot down missiles that may approach it. With its other accommodations and streamlined systems, this ship is more akin to a mobile base.

Excalibur Tower <Ace Combat JumpChain> {300}
Superweapons can be terrifying when turned upon the battlefield. The more concerning ones, however, are the ones that didn’t start as weapons. The Excalibur is a large chemical laser weapon constructed by Belkan engineers, and was originally conceived as an anti-ICMBtowerdevice that had a range of 1,200 kilometers thanks to low-orbiting satellites to reflect the beam. As the Belkan War progresses, they soon find it is an exceptional anti-aircraft weapon that can practically slice through planes like a hot knife through butter. Coupled with its powerful jamming capabilities and multiple Tactical Laser System defenses, the weapon is a terrifying thing to behold. ...with a purchase, it is also your weapon.

Stonehenge Spacegun Turret Network <Ace Combat JumpChain> {300}
What’s more dangerous than a large cannon? How about a whole slew of them? A system of eight electromagnetic launchers in a circle, the Stonehenge system has a range of 1,200 kilometers while being able to launch a variety of ammunition depending on what they’re targeting at the time. Using data collected from a powerful control network comprised of 8,192 supercomputers split into 1,024 sets of eight and utilizing orbiting satellites to feed data, Stonehenge is capable of successfully tracking and projecting a trajectory before firing at 17-18 times the speed of sound. Its only limitation is that it can’t do anything to a target below 2,000 feet... but that’s why there’s a powerful jamming system in place and plenty of space to install deterrent weapons.

XB-0 Hresvelgr Heavy Command Cruiser <Ace Combat JumpChain> {300}
The world of Strangereal can get absolutely insane at times. Chemical laser towers, electromagnetic launchers, burst missile systems, the works. So what can top that? How about an aerial heavy command cruiser? It’s like someone looked at a naval carrier and decided it needs to fly, and so this absurdly massive plane was born. The Hresvelgr can carry a maximum of 50 planes with its own runway, and has three engines on each wing along with being fitted with numerous air-to-air missile launchers and AA guns. Despite looking like it should fly like a brick, if anything it’s like an aerial fortress.

P-1112 Aigaion-class Heavy Command Cruiser <Ace Combat JumpChain> {300}
Resembling a giant manta ray, the Aigaionmore closely resembles the idea of an aerial command center with a more obvious runway and CATOBAR systems usually associated with naval aircraft carriers. Due to its design, it cannot use conventional runways and instead must land on the sea when requiring more than a mid-air fueling. Its own plane capacity is smaller than the Hresvelgr, but in exchange it has multiple AA guns, air-to-air missiles, and flak cannons along with launchers for Nimbus cruise missiles that explode in mid-air to attack both aerial and ground forces. This could get ugly.

Gründer Industries <Ace Combat JumpChain> {300}
Funny enough, these wars don’t fund themselves. Likewise, it takes a special kind of person to have the resources to pursue the design and fielding of both plane and superweapon. That’s why there’s this exceptionally skilled weapons manufacturing firm that specializes in aerospace and aviation products, while also having quality manufacturing that allows for the exploration and fielding of experimental technologies. Due to the nature of its origins, its industrial strength is nothing short of amazing while still bringing in quite the profit for you to enjoy... or to turn around into further funding the firm’s agendas and experimentations. It’ll remember any modification and technology you give to it, though be mindful that they might develop strong nationalism if you attach them to any one organization.

Advanced Automated Aviation Plant <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
Well well well. It’s one thing to be able to produce planes and weapons for them... it’s another to be able to produce them with such little cost that it was ridiculous. Yet this production factory has streamlined the process enough to do just that, able to construct just about any aircraft with precision, quality, and surprising cheapness. That is, so long as you feed the blueprints to it.

Strategic Orbital Linear Gun <Ace Combat JumpChain> {400}
Sometimes the best deterrents are the most worrisome ones. Take for instance, this high-orbit weapons platform meant to shoot targets on the surface with a kinetic launcher to create a massive explosion with penetration capabilities. Thanks to possessing four auto-loaders and four counterweights rotating in opposite directions, the firing is stabilized while simultaneously being used to accelerate the payload. This is, of course, assuming you want none of the fallout with all of the fun. Should you be genocidal enough, the satellite can also be equipped with a nuclear payload... you’ll have to get those yourself, however.

Arkbird <Ace Combat JumpChain> {400}
There’s fighter planes, then there’s this curious machine. Featuring a sweeping aerodynamic design, the Arkbird is a glimmering white plane meant to be able to fly into Low Earth Orbit and served as a testbed for experimental technologies and be a way to promote space exploration. Yet war has been known to bring out the worst, and so along with being outfitted with a powerful laser weapon on its belly that can fire from an extremely high altitude, the Arkbird is equipped with drone-port launchers to deploy multiple Vogel UAVs which have extreme flight speed and maneuverability on top of surprising durability. Combining the laser weapon along with the high aggression the drones utilize with their machine gun weapons will leave a lot of dead bodies, assuming the ship designs to leave the safety of the upper atmosphere.

‘Arsenal Bird’ Airborne Fortress <Ace Combat JumpChain> {400}
Sometimes you don’t want to send soldiers to die in your wars. Sometimes you just want to abuse the hell out of technology to overwhelm your opponents while your allies laugh, empowered by science. This large white aerial ship will do just that, using massive propellers to fly around for the sake of endurance and bristling with Air-to-Air defense missiles to eliminate just about any aircraft that gets close to it. To boot it has a special microwave energy shield to keep missiles at bay. Its main weapon, however? Up to 80 MQ-101 UAVs that have foldable wings for transportation and are extremely maneuverable while being equipped with either a bountiful machine gun or missiles of their own. Go on. Laugh. You know you want to.

Spiridus Airborne Fortress <Ace Combat JumpChain> {400}
One would be forgiven for thinking this massive black plane was more of a stealth bomber that someone tried to oversize and bring from the future. But thinking it was a vanity project will only earn death. Armed with multiple electro-laser weapons, an aerial railgun, multiple anti-air guns and an electromagnetic defense system to deter missiles and bullets... this thing is truly a weapon of death that could raze an entire city on its own. Worse, it even comes with thermobaric missiles to rend the ground into a wasteland if its assortment of other weapons wasn’t enough... and all from a sleek, futuristic design. The future will not tolerate weakness.

Gleipnir Airborne Fortress <Ace Combat JumpChain> {400}
It is not a problem to have dreams and ideals, nor is it evil to pursue what you desire most of the time. After all, is that not why you are here? Yet there are some ideals and dreams that are considered evil, and such a dream is where Leasath’s unique ship came from. The Gleipnir is a monster unlike any other, with powerful optical camouflage that can render the ship virtually invisible while bristling with anti-air guns and missile launchers to deter any planes that come by. Yet invisibility and conventional weapons are not enough, as it also comes with two deadly weapons. One is the Shock Wave Ballistic Missile, using a disposable cyclotron accelerator to spread a meson fuel and ignite to create a powerful and massive energy explosion that would decimate enemies at a high altitude. The second is the Shock Cannon on its belly, using similar mechanics to create a powerful explosion to rip apart enemies under the ship... making it capable of razing entire groups on the ground. The Shock Cannon cannot be used with the optical camouflage at the same time however, so plan your strikes accordingly.

Alicorn-class Supercarrier Submarine <Ace Combat JumpChain> {400}
The nature of warfare inevitably creates a demand for weapons and tool to strike at one’s enemies. Yet when the nature of man is thrown into the mix, the tools of warfare are often conflated with tools of legacy. Enter the Alicorn, a 495-meter submersible that outclasses the Scinfaxi’s 300-meter length by a considerable margin. It’s capable of carrying up to 30 aircraft in its hangar bay and functions as the runway for these craft, ensuring air superiority no matter where it goes. Furthermore, its VLS systems allow for the launch of multiple short-range and long-range missiles of differing types. Coupled with the two railguns able to fire eighty sabot rounds a minute each along with a much more powerful railgun with an effective range of over three thousand kilometers, the Alicorn is a tool that will shatter any preconceived notions of warfare.

Space Elevator <Ace Combat JumpChain> {400}
Commonly referred to as the ‘Lighthouse’, this marvel of technology can practically revitalize an entire nation along with its surrounding neighbors, or be cause enough to plunge them into war for the sake of taking control. It’s not a weapon in of itself, but with a main shaft extending all the way to the upper atmosphere and collecting solar energy from satellites that convert it into microwave energy for transmission, it could wirelessly send energy within tens of thousands of kilometers of itself. Naturally this means it also serves as a tremendously powerful wireless transmitter for other forms of signals. Even better, it can also serve as a port for receiving small space craft that might be returning from missions along with sending materials up into orbit. Anyone looking to ensure their country is strong will want one of these.

[Plane Customization]

4th Generation Fighter Plane <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
These planes have been around for some time now, and as a result some would consider these particular planes to be outdated. It’s not the most advanced machine in the sky, but it will get the job done when you need it. Whether it’s an MiG-29OVT, an F-18, Su-27 or something else, you can be given a 4th Generation Fighter Plane to do your work and achieve what you need to achieve. Show them that the old ways still work.

5th Generation Fighter Plane <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
Now you’re getting into what many militaries enjoy employing for the results they can bring. It is these planes which are considered the top in their line currently, and when one is seen in the sky everyone knows it’s going to be a problem. Planes in this category include F-22s, PAK FA, Su-47s, the works. 5th Generation Fighter Planes are a bit above the rest, with a technological edge that will let you do wonders in the sky. Expect to become a renowned pilot within battle quite soon, and to dominate the skies against most enemies.

6th Generation/Experimental Fighter Plane <Ace Combat JumpChain> {300> {100}
Sure, there’s the renowned fighters of the 5th Generation... but what of them? It’s no way for a person of your stature to enter the scene. As such, the current wonders of the world aren’t enough for you, and you’ve opted for a much more advanced fighter. Things like the Shinden II, the Morgan, Nosferatu, or other such next-generation craft are yours for the taking. Be wary for people will notice you much faster than you would with other fighter planes.

Bring Your Own Plane <Ace Combat JumpChain> {50}
Curious. You want to bring in something of your own? Perhaps it’s from an adventure long past, or one in a collection of items that needs some love after spending an unfair amount of time in the hangar. Worry not, this option is for you. You may instead import one fighter plane into this world to benefit from the ‘Plane Customization Table’, in order to enhance it and show it that you still care. Put in some quality time with it.

Bring Your Own Warship <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
...oh. It’s not just a plane you’re trying to bring in. While rare, the world of Strangereal has managed to create some expensive, but effective warships that are in the air rather than in the sea. These items are referred to as ‘Heavy Command Cruisers’ and are derived from Belkan design, but perhaps you obtained your own warship somewhere. With this option you may import a flying warship to bring into the ‘Plane Customization’ table, augmenting its potential and allowing it to do great things. Should you have purchased a ‘Heavy Command Cruiser’ or an ‘Airborne Fortress’, you may bring one into the ‘Plane Customization’ table for free. If you have created a Heavy Command Cruiser using the ‘Base Customization’ table, you do not need to pay this surcharge.

Plane Points <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: 1000] Starting Plane Points

Plane Conversion <Ace Combat JumpChain> {50}
[PP: 50] For those who possess greater strength in the air, there is this option. For a 1:1 conversion, you may spend 50CP for 50PP to add. You may purchase this multiple times if you wish.

Autocannon <Ace Combat JumpChain> {Free}
Something of a standard on anything that flies in the air, autocannons or gatling guns on a plane’s nose can help one shoot down enemy planes or other targets by unleashing a torrent of bullets upon whatever has the misfortune of being in front of your plane at the time. This option will grant a single gun with 1000 rounds, and for an additional +50PP you can either get a second gun or double the amount of ammunition the gun has. You may buy this option multiple times, with two purchases creating a Machine Gun Pod to accompany your Autocannon.

Standard Missiles <Ace Combat JumpChain> {Free}
One of the things that is noteworthy regarding just about any plane is the fact that they will carry missiles. The reason is obvious; you need more than just bullets. That’s why you have a good supply of missiles, attached to your plane and ready to fire off the moment you achieve radar lock with your plane. It’s simple, but it works. Sometimes that’s all you need.For an additional +50PP, you may increase the amount of missiles you can carry by 50. You may purchase this option multiple times.

Heavyweight Missiles <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -50] Of course, there is also the option of going bigger. While you may not have as many missiles as before with only two-thirds of the usual supply, you instead have missiles that do a noticeable amount of extra damage via the increased payload that they possess. Where it would take 2-3 missiles to eliminate a plane, these would take out a regular plane in a single strike. More flash and firepower!

High-Accuracy Missile <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -50] Sometimes there’s no point in firing off a missile. This is because a skilled pilot will find ways to dive and spin out of the way of your average missile, leaving your efforts wasted while they continue to plague the skies that so rightfully belong to you. The problem isn’t you, the problem is the technology you have. That’s why in exchange for a shorter range, this missile will do its best to turn and follow an enemy if they try to dodge. It won’t always work, but you should see the amount of kills increasing significantly with missiles like this.

Lightweight Missiles <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -50] There comes a time where quantity is a quality all its own, and you just want to have more missiles to shoot others with. Is it the smoke trails? Do you just like seeing the enemy shiver in fear that you’re toying with them? Either way, these missiles trade some of their firepower in exchange for being able to carry an additional third of the usual supply, allowing you to carry an abundance of missiles to terrorize others with. Might be good if you’re fighting weak enemies in order to abuse the additional ammunition count!

Semi-Active Air-to-Air Missiles <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -50] Technology is all fine and dandy, but there comes a time where you just need to go to basics and guarantee a kill yourself. That’s where this missile comes in handy, for those who have superb coordination and a penchant for staying on a target. After firing, this powerful missile brings up a circle on your display which encourages you to keep the target within the circle in order to make impact, only losing a lock should the target fly out of the circle. Naturally this makes it more suited to striking long-range targets, but maybe you’re good enough to find more uses out of it?

Napalm Bomb <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -50] When you need to cleanse a target and want to be absolutely sure it is cleansed, you use fire. Why wouldn’t you? It grants warmth, the ashes help nature later on... and it makes for quite the impression when your enemies are burning alive. By dropping these heavy bombs it creates a large swathe of fiery destruction with flames continuing to burn the target after impact to deal damage to anything caught in its range. For an additional +50PP this weapon is upgraded to a Fuel-Air Explosive Bomb which deals damage in a much wider area due to its much larger fireball effect. It’s a thermobaric weapon, after all.

Advanced Short-Range Air-to-Air Missiles <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -100] Speed can be of great importance, and when you need to individually lock on and fire on each target individually that can waste precious time. Why not streamline the process with these missiles? In exchange for a shorter range than standard missiles you can lock onto four targets in the air, firing off all four missiles simultaneously to potentially send four enemies plummeting to the ground while you cackle within the confines of your cockpit. You may choose to pay an additional +50PP to increase the limit to six targets, and an additional +50PP to allow the missiles to strike at long-range. You may make either of these purchases separately.

Advanced Short-Range Air-to-Ground Missiles <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -100] All of those targets on the ground. There’s just so many to choose from, and you only have so many missiles you can fire off at a time. It would be a shame if you had a way to fire off four missiles at the same time. Fortunately with this you can, locking onto four targets and letting lose missiles on those targets simultaneously in exchange for a shorter range than standard missiles in order to expand the destruction you can bring. You may choose to pay an additional +50PP to increase the limit to six targets, and an additional +50PP to allow the missiles to strike at long-range. You may make either of these purchases separately.

Short-Range Aerial Suppression Missile <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -100] A lot of pilots seem to get it in their heads that a missile can be rendered useless if you merely evade it, that unless it directly hits that it’s a very expensive paperweight. Normally they might be right, the actual skill to perform such a feat notwithstanding. That’s why there’s this cruel little missile, having a shorter range than standard missiles but instead possessing a proximity trigger. When the missile gets close enough to a target it detonates to cause damage on a wide area, taking others by surprise or even damaging multiple targets. When the rules don’t suit you, change the game.

Large Unguided Bomb <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -100] Why settle for mere missiles? Sure, they’re useful and lock on, but they can only attack one target... and their explosions can be so small. Settle for nothing less for the biggest bombs. Using a targeting reticle, you can project where the bomb will land and when you arrive at the target, just detach and let gravity and momentum do the rest for you. The benefit to this in exchange for a lack of lock-ons is you can detach the bombs more quickly than you can fire off missiles.

Bomblets Dispenser Bomb <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -100] When one bomb doesn’t work, the answer is to use more bombs. After all, the enemy can’t dodge the explosions when you’re dropping a bunch of them... which is where this fixed pod system comes in. Upon activation, the plane drops a rather large amount of tiny, unguided clusters to make it rain explosives to deal significant damage to an unguided target. Drop it, fly it away, and watch the tiny explosions go off. For an additional +100PP, you can augment the bomblets in order to make them guided to your targets. Just imagine the looks on their faces!

Quick Maneuver Air-to-Air Missiles <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -200] When you achieve a certain amount of skill, dodging regular missiles becomes something of a joke. You can just take a dive at the right moment, or do a barrel roll, or any number of actions to shed them off your tail. Alas, technology has learned to adapt to these tactics and by using these missiles your enemies will find they have a significantly greater difficulty in trying to shake the missiles until it runs out of fuel. They just keep chasing! Their damage is also increased, able to take down most standard planes in a single shot. Expect the bodies to start piling up with this weapon.

Guided Penetration Bomb <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -200] One of the biggest bombs you could equip to a plane. When you have to make sure your targets feel the weight of their sins coming down upon them, selecting this weapon will not fail you in your quest. Impacting on a guided range within 2000ft from ground target, this bomb creates an explosion of rather high damage due to its function of penetrating the target before going off to utterly devastate the area... sorry, did that sound dirty?

Pulse Lasers <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -200] The future is now, old man. Why settle with archaic weapons when you can move forward into the glow of a golden age? Rather than equipping bombs or different missiles, equipping these direct-energy weapons will not only give you an unnatural amount of ammunition along with firepower that outstrips the Vulcan in regards to destroying a plane that is in front of you. Soar through the sky and create your own stars that destroy all those you deem unworthy.

[SPECIAL] Electronic Counter Measure Pod <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -300] Now we’re getting into the meat of the technology that has been seen here. Something of a testament to the advancements of the technology of Strangereal, the ECMP is a radar jammer that is normally seen in highly specialized aircraft such as the EA-200 or the E-767 AWACS unit. This machine can be installed in a regular plane, and causes brief electromagnetic jamming across a certain region, usually behind the plane for a period of time. When active, it will disrupt any lock-ons and any trailing missiles lose their lock to become useless. Let any of those fools following you be trounced by technology. Foran additional +100PP, this option is upgraded into an Infra-Red Countermeasure Shell Launcher which instead launches flares and lights of any color you wish that not only nulls and prevents any lock-ons for the twelve seconds they’re active, but also start damaging any enemy that gets close to the shells.

[SPECIAL] Tactical Laser System <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -300] Codenamed the “Zoisite Pod”, the South Belka Munitions Factor made it quite clear that they’re the forefront of aviation and warfare. This weapon when mounted on a plane will activate a powerful laser weapon that can annihilate just about all but the most armored of targets thanks to its powerful output and properties. This weapon will be active for a full eight seconds before a ‘charge’ is used up, and will require a cooldown period... but that’s a small price to pay for effectively having one of the most powerful weapons in the sky, right? There are only two downsides to this weapon; it’s a fixed point and it’s exposed as a pod attached to the top of bottom of the plane which could let it be damaged. For an additional +100PP, this weapon is upgraded to not only have a power increase and significantly shorter recharge time, but the weapon is also installed inside the plane which folds open whenever you use it to prevent damage from the elements or enemy pilots. The future is now.

[SPECIAL] Multi-Purpose Burst Missile <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -300] Another weapon from the minds of the South Belka Munitions Factory, this missile can be likened to a mini-nuke. Upon getting close to its target, the missile splits apart into multiple warheads and detonates to not only cause a tremendous amount of damage but also to cover a wide area to strike multiple targets at once. Even better, you could just detach the missile and let it fall behind you to strike enemies that may have been following you to give them a disgusting surprise. It’s also rather bright, so if you wanted to mess with someone during the night, then this is your weapon. For an additional+100PP, this weapon is upgraded into a Long-RangeShock Wave Missilewhich not only has a significantly longer range but also deals noticeably increased damage to a target that will likely obliterate nearly whatever you could hit. Some have stated that this missile has a beam of light that shoots up upon activation, or a reverse cross... but surely that’s not important.

[SPECIAL] All-Direction Multi-Purpose Missile <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -300] Sometimes when one missile is not enough, you need to increase the danger. You need to use more missiles. This weapon is a set of three internal pods installed with two of the pods on the back of the aircraft and one on its undercarriage. Once activated, the ship will be able to target up to twelve targets total, though if you decide to just layer up on a lower amount of targets that’s up to you. But once you have the lock-on... four missiles from each pod will launch and scream towards the targets, with noticeably higher speeds than regular missiles and larger explosions that could down a regular plane in one shot. They’re also very difficult to evade, similar to the ‘Quick Maneuver Air-to-Air Missiles’ weapon. The two downsides are that the weapon takes a long time to reload and low altitudes could cause problems with premature detonation. For an additional +100PP, the reload time is cut down significantly and a fourth pod is installed into the undercarriage of the plane to allow sixteen missiles to be fired off at once. ...is that singing I hear?

[SPECIAL] Electromagnetic Launcher <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -300] Alright, there’s just no real way to dress this up. It’s a miniaturized railgun. You heard right, they managed to miniaturize a railgun and somehow install it onto a plane without the energy requirements being too high or the shockwave completely destroying the plane. It’s strange, but there you go. As a railgun, it has a bit of charge-up time with a fixed pod point so that the weapon can’t rotate and destroy the plane upon firing while it’s trying to do maneuvers, but once it fires it’s almost as fast as a laser and deals an unparalleled amount of damage in a single attack. Just be sure you’re aiming it right. For an additional +100PP, you can have two railguns instead of one while installing them both inside the plane when not in use, opening up when activated so they’re not easily damaged. Double the firepower, double the fun.

[SPECIAL] High-Powered Microwave <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -300] What even is this. Railguns are one thing, but this device is effectively a plasma launcher. It’s officially a direct-energy weapon that’s designed as a heat-seeker that will track and destroy planes by igniting their fuel pods with extremely high temperatures, while utilizing satellites in the upper atmosphere to aid in guiding and tracking the plasma ball to effectively act like a plane-sized missile. But it’s just easier to call it a plasma launcher. Why is this even a thing. Do keep in mind that this takes a LOT of energy, so you won’t be able to fire it too often to turn the air into a disco rave. But it’s got good range and will effectively ignite anything in an area around it, so think of it as a really deadly punch that takes time to wind up. For an additional +100PP, the energy requirements of the weapon are reduced while your plane is upgraded with the technology that normally requires satellites... which means you could fire off the weapon unaided and track the planes yourself. Let the skies burn.

Flare Launch System <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
Flares are fairly important when it comes to aerial combat. After all, you are in enemy airspace. Enemies will want to shoot you with missiles. Ergo, having protection against missiles would be the smart thing to do. Radar-guided missiles can be duped easily, but infra-red missiles that track heat sources are a concern. Thus it is important for this flare countermeasure system to be equipped, allowing you to launch flares while you do a sharp turn and reduce engine power to dupe the missile into hitting the flare instead. It’s not perfect... but it could be better than nothing.

Co-Pilot Seat <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -50] You know what they say: It takes two to make the dream come true. That’s why there’s this option to modify your fighter plane, allowing a second seat right behind yours to aid you in maintaining and controlling your vehicle. This means you could focus strictly on piloting the plane while your co-pilot was able to use the weapon systems to their fullest. Nothing wrong with a little bit of teamwork to help your own skills!

Short Take-Off And Landing Conversion <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -50] Most planes require a runway to be able to take off and land, such is the nature of powerful-yet-heavy machinery that is designed for war. Yet aircraft carriers are nowhere near as big as a runway, to say nothing of heavy command cruisers. That can severely limit the type of planes that can be assigned to those kinds of situations normally... unless you purchase this, which modifies your plane to have all the equipment needed to land on those specially prepared platforms. Never worry about overshooting the runway again! For an additional +50PP, this gets augmented with a Vertical Take-Off and Landing mode so that if need be you can just take off straight up.

Powerful Radar <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -100] Radar is important. There’s no question about it, you need to have a good radar in order to detect enemies coming your way as well as finding the targets you need to attack. While the default radar tends to have plenty of range and can help find things, there’s just the problem that it’s the default radar. Meaning it’s very easy to spoof or take down thanks to jammers. Not so with this, letting you upgrade your radar so that it’s considerably more difficult to jam or mess with it so that you can continue to fly the skies with no issues. Multiple purchases will increase how durable it is, with three purchases altogether making your radar immune to jamming or tampering.

Data Sharing <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -100] You know what really sucks about having allies in the heat of battle? It’s that sometimes you really need to tell someone what’s up and you can’t quite put it into words. After all, when you’re being shot at and you need to make someone understand the situation now, you need to convey it in a manner you’ll know they will understand. With this little upgrade, you can instead select specific data to feed to allies in order to give them valuable information. Maybe it’s the weak points of a superweapon. Maybe it’s the maneuvering plans of a fleet you need to take out. Or maybe it’s just the specs of an enemy plane you’ve scanned. The point is, sharing is caring.

Electronic Tagging <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -100] When you attack an enemy, usually you want to remove them as quickly as you can. That’s why you’re attacking them, usually. Yet if you’re in the air with a few allies, all of them focusing on the same target can mean the target goes down thatmuch faster. But how to make that happen? With this upgrade, when you attack an enemy and land a hit, you can choose to send out a data pulse which will mark the target for all allied machines around you so they know what the high-priority target happens to be. For an additional +100PP, you don’t even have to strike them first... just point and everyone receives the signal to gang up on them.

UAV Tow Cable <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -100] Maybe you want to save fuel on the UAVs you have, or maybe you just want to save costs in general since the UAV in question is disposable. Fear not, for there are cost-saving measures here to assist you! This tow cable will let you attach a small UAV to your plane and either drag it behind you or simply hogtie it to your plane with a quick-detach system in the event you need to drop it on a moment’s notice. It’s not the most fancy of items, but it is good if you need to drag a Predator drone or one of those fancy UAVs with you to the field of battle.

Battle Scan <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -200] Usually a mechanism like this is left on an AWACS unit that flies into the field of battle with you, in order to support and aid you in the battle so you can focus on completing your objectives. But sometimes you can’t rely on an AWACS, whether they’re busy or they just couldn’t be there for the battle. You need to be able to obtain your own battlefield data in the event that you’re on your own. With this upgrade to your radar, you can spend some time analyzing the enemy in front of you while it data mines the local internet for any correlation in order to determine and point out any weaknesses a plane or a facility would possess. Granted this will take time as it requires the target in front of you, but the benefits more than make up for it when you’re in a tight spot.

Spoofer UAV <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -200] Radar is a double-edged sword. Sure, it helps you find enemies and notice when someone’s coming to start prepping up to ruin their day, but your enemies also have radar capabilities and will be able to do the same to you. Deception is the name of the game as a result, to be able to trick the enemy’s radar or stay hidden as long as possible before you start causing a ruckus with your weapons. For those who prefer the former, there’s these two small UAV drones that can be deployed from your plane that will trick enemy radar into thinking you’re somewhere that you’re not... or that you’ve split off from one target into three suddenly. It’s a little cruel, but it’s also fairly effective if they don’t shoot the UAVs down in time. If you have a ‘Heavy Command Cruiser’ or an ‘Airborne Fortress’, the UAVs are much larger in number in order to cause an unparalleled amount of chaos while you do your work.

Fuel UAV <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -200] Contrary to popular belief, mid-air fueling tends to happen a fair amount. This is because there are times where a plane needs to stay in the air for longer than usual, or it’s an emergency that requires you to quickly refuel so that you don’t need to land on the ground. It happens to the best of pilots, and there’s nothing wrong with a quickie in the sky. With this option, you may call one such UAV with a fuel tank that can attach itself to your plane and begin refueling to ensure that your plane does not run out of energy in midflight. Needless to say, that’s a good thing. If you have a ‘Heavy Command Cruiser’or an ‘Airborne Fortress’, this summons an entire fleet of refueling planes to fuel up your warship so that you never have to touch the ground unless it’s a dire emergency.

Quote the Raven <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -300] The allure of technology is that great to you, is it? The power, the ability, the raw potential it can provide. Well... so long as you know what it means. This augments the plane you possess, upgrading it into a seventh-generation fighter plane that has taken data gathered from both the ADF-01 FALKEN and combat data from an ace pilot to ensure the plane flies faster, tighter, and has vertical stabilizers for unparalleled maneuvering. As a bonus, not only is the front-half of the plane detachable so you can escape or keep up the fight, but this also attaches two Weapon UAVs to your wings to detach and use their Tactical Laser System to aid you.

System Slave <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -300] You can’t be in two places at once. That’s what they keep saying, and for the most part it’s true. There is no real way to do it, barring the ability to clone oneself... and the Belkans haven’t cracked it yet to the relief of everyone in Strangereal. This adjustment to your plane’s computer systems is the next best thing, letting you control the primary weapon systems of another facility nearby to ensure both coordination and surprise, much like when a certain pilot was able to control and direct the launch of a nuclear weapon while dogfighting with others at the same time. Sure it doesn’t seem like much, but automating and streamlining the system can do a lot.

Electronic Support Measures <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -300] While Ace Pilots are cherished and made legends should they turn the tide of battle, there’s something to be said about being a team player. After all, there is no ‘i’ in ‘team’. That’s why with this option, you can indeed increase the potency of the team to the point of others wondering if your shoulders hurt from carrying everyone all the time. When you activate this function, it sends out vast packets of data to allied planes within three miles of yourself to increase the rate of fire all planes can attack as well as increase the accuracy and homing capabilities each plane has. For an additional +100PP, this also increases the damage weapons deal to enemies and decreases the speed it takes to reload weapons. It’s a very dangerous tool, and chances are high that anyone who finds out you have this will react poorly.

Zone of Endless <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -300] It’s strange how some countries can have trouble building roads and restoring proper infrastructure after a natural disaster, but they can go around and create dangerous artificial intelligences that learn eerily fast and control planes with a skill that humans have a lot of difficulty keeping up with. You would think their priorities would be straight, but alas. This A.I. unit can be installed into planes and not only aid in optimizing the movement and effectiveness of your plane, but could even control a plane all by itself while feeding battle data back to a remote server so you can study it and send it back out with improvements. If you have a ‘Heavy Command Cruiser’ or an ‘Airborne Fortress’, the A.I. has control of numerous systems that can cut down the required crew on board, eventually growing to control the ship by itself. You may import an A.I. you own or even the personality of yourself or another into this role for free. Should you desire it, this A.I. can even take the place of your co-pilot instead.

Support Fleet <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -400] ...oh. You’re going for strength in numbers. Well never let it be said that you aren’t going for a big impression. By selecting this option you’re doing something that to date, very few in the history of Strangereal have engaged in. You’re making yourself an automated squadron. Purchasing this means your plane is accompanied by six ‘MQ-90L Quoxbis’ UAV drones, which are equipped with a ‘Tactical Laser System’ on top of their bodies and an autocannon on the left of the nose while having a small weapons bay that can carry four missiles or a few bombs. The wing design makes extreme maneuvering and speed possible... and they’re linked to your computer systems so you can designate targets. Should they detect a missile launch towards you, their priorities immediately shift to using their TLS weapon to annihilate the missile before it hits you. Naturally, this means they need to take out the UAVs before being able to lock on and fire at you. 

Support Fleet 2 <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -200] Increase the number of drones you have by three. If you have a ‘Heavy Command Cruiser’ or an ‘Airborne Fortress’, this option changes. Your warship is instead flanked by one of two options. \n The first option is around eighty ‘MQ-101’ UAV drones which have a folded wing design for the sake of storage and are extremely fast and maneuverable while carrying two missiles and possesses a gatling gun on the nose. The drones are stationed around your warship so that they can be deployed rapidly to overwhelm your enemies within seconds. The second option is an accompaniment of two Gyges-class warships which are loaded to the brim with anti-air missiles and anti-air cannons along with two Kottos-class warships which can delivery radar jamming and electronic warfare attempts to others while aiding nearby planes with radar support. With a selection like this, any warship is going to be much more difficult to take down. For an additional +200PP, you may add forty UAV drones or one Gyges-class and one Kottos-class warship to your retinue.

Ejection System <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
You know the old saying of going down with the ship? Yeah, nuts to that. This isn’t the navy, this is the Air Force. That’s why there’s ejection equipment for when your plane gets shot down, assuming said plane wasn’t just instantly vaporized by whatever attacked you to begin with. If you have a ‘Heavy Command Cruiser’ or an ‘Airborne Fortress’, you instead have ejection pods dotted along the ship to launch in the event of a catastrophic failure. Safety first, after all.

Color Scheme <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -50] Nothing wrong with wanting your plane colored the way you want it. Maybe you’re one of those who feels like the plane should be black and green, or like it all red. Maybe you want to put a drawing on the wings or must insist on a golden appearance. Worry not, for those of you who are vain can make a purchase of this to give your plane a fresh coat of paint to whatever you desire. If it’s too garish or odd then people might wonder who you think you are to stand out like that, but that’s why you just get to prove them wrong, right? A single purchase of this option will also cover any UAVs you receive through options such as ‘Support Fleet’.

Luxury Interior <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -50] When it comes to the insides of a plane, comfort and aesthetics tend to take a back seat to making sure the damned thing works. Who cares about a leather seat, you need to make sure those dials work. Well, worry no more with this little upgrade. You could have soft and comfy seats made from the finest leathers or have a flight stick with gold trim while the dash was made of real wood. Who knows? The point is the inside of the plane doesn’t have to look so bare-bones anymore. If you have a ‘Heavy Command Cruiser’ or an ‘Airborne Fortress’, this can mean your ship was designed to be as comfortable as it is deadly to ensure you’re living the high life... maybe it’s got a spa section somewhere?

Data Acquisition <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -50] Maybe you want to ensure that your data can be used to aid others. Maybe you want to insert someone else’s combat data and use it to improve your own battle tactics. Either way, this will cover you. A specialized computer system will be installed into your plane, where it will have two modes. The first is to collect any and all combat data that you happen to give it while you’re fighting someone, compiling it in a format that will let you give it to other systems like UAV drones or machines. The other mode is when data is inserted, decompressing it and assimilating it into its databanks that will let it give you tips and other advantages. If you have an A.I. or UAVs, this data can be disseminated among all drones connected to your plane.

Frame Redesign <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -100] The appearance of a plane doesn’t have that much wiggle room for the sake of being aerodynamic, but there is something to be said about the power appearances can bring. After all, if a plane looks unique or sleek then it can bring envy or terror to the enemy for witnessing such a marvel of technology within their skies. That’s why there’s this option, granting you the means to redesign the frame of your plane to look a little different. That Su-27 could do with some sleekness, or maybe that X-49 Night Raven could look more like a standard plane. The choice is yours with this option, so long as all of its functions can still work. For an additional +100PP this covers all UAVs that you would receive through options such as ‘Support Fleet’.

Enhanced Thrusters <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -100] Gotta go fast! Speed can make all the difference between a missile chasing you and a missile being unable to catch up with you, and naturally you don’t want missiles reaching you. Even aerial warships need speed, as their size has many more requirements than a regular plane in regards to staying in the air. That’s why when you purchase this, there’s a noticeable increase to your maximum speed and how quickly it takes you to get there. That should be fun, right? You can purchase this option multiple times.

Enhanced Turning <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -100] A plane can only handle a certain amount of g-forces before the stressors start damaging the plane or even tearing it apart piece by piece. After all, as strange as it is the laws of physics still apply to these machines. That doesn’t mean there isn’t ways to improve the frame and wings of the plane to ensure it can handle more, however. With each purchase of this the amount of g-forces the plane can withstand before damage starts to show up is noticeably increased, allowing more freedom in dangerous maneuvers and turns so that you can get the most out of your plane. This does not, however, increase the amount of g-forces the pilot can handle... remember that. This option can be purchased multiple times.

Extra Armor <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -100] What is more important in warfare... to be fast, or to be tough? It’s a balancing act that has been at the forefront of every plane design in every conflict, and it has often come with mixed results. There are some who feel that armor is the more important aspect, as it won’t matter how fast you are if getting hit once means you’re taken out completely. With each purchase of this your ship’s frame is reinforced and augmented to be able to withstand more punishment, so that you can take noticeably greater damage before it starts to show on your plane. Sure, it doesn’t sound like much, but when the difference is one missile taking you down or two? It can mean an awful lot. This option can be purchased multiple times.

COFFIN System <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -200] Standing for ‘Connection for Flight Interface’, this system is meant to innovate the way pilots control their aircraft and remove such antique systems like flight sticks and toggles. This system instead places the pilot in a special chair and allows them to control the plane with their very thoughts or body movement, while the plane itself transmits images and data from outside the plane into the cockpit for the pilot. As a result, there is no canopy glass and the cockpit is armored. By abusing the ‘Electro-Neuron-Synapse-Interface’, the pilot can simply place their hands on the armrests of the chair and greatly augment the control they can utilize. There’s just one problem... by purchasing this, the ‘Ejection System’ is removed to make room for the system. Now you know why it’s called a COFFIN.

Remote Control <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -100] Oh. You’re going one step further. Why risk yourself being in the plane when you could simply pilot it from the comfort of whatever you call an abode? With this, you can install a powerful relay that will allow you to control your plane from anywhere in the world with the COFFIN, ensuring that no matter how dangerous it gets you’ll be able to complain about the tactics they used later on if they shoot you down. Just be careful that you don’t treat war as a game with this.

Augmented Payload <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -200] How are you fitting all this stuff onto your plane? Seriously, how? There’s normally a limit to what kind of weapons you can carry on your plane, yet this somehow optimizes your plane’s weight capacity and systems to the point where you could select one more weapon to attach to your plane. This could be a normal weapon to increase the variety of weapons on your plane, or a [SPECIAL] weapon to make your fighter even more of a freak of engineering than it normally is. Who knows how it will end up, but it’s going to cause quite a scare for others who see your plane. You still need to purchase the weapon in question after this option.

Aerodynamic Upgrade <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -200] There’s this little thing called ‘drag’, and it tends to be a reason why many planes are designed the way they are. After all, you don’t really see cubes flying through the air. Yet for all that is done, there’s always ways to make it better. That’s where this upgrade comes in, giving those little tweaks and adjustments to noticeably decrease the amount of drag on your plane so that you can reach speeds faster and go through the air with little to no difficulty. Granted, this will be rough on a person who is expecting drag, so there may be an adjustment period. But hey, that can be overcome with a need for speed.

Stealth Coating <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -200] As stated before, radar tends to be a double-edged sword when it comes to its use. It’s useful for you, but it’s not-so-useful for your enemies to have. If only there was a way to get stealth capabilities onto a plane. Oh wait, you can. This upgrade helps adjust your engines and equipment so that you have a smaller radar presence and would need to get significantly closer to be detected, giving the enemy less time to react to your tactics. For an additional +100PP, you can upgrade this further to install optical camouflage onto your plane that utilizes multiple cameras to make yourself nearly invisible! Still not sure why people spend billions on this and not fixing their own infrastructure, but there you go.

Wireless Receiver <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[PP: -200] Normally planes have specialized engines that require jet fuel or use some other form of intake required to keep it powered. But why settle for that? Why not go green and reduce your carbon footprint? This modification will not only install specialized solar panels onto your plane but install a special receiver that can take in wireless energy from a source that labels you as a beneficiary. So long as it kept transmitting sufficient power, your plane could practically stay afloat forever barring repairs and maintenance. Take to the skies and make it your domain.

[Base Customization]

Istas Fortress <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
More of a regular base than an actual ‘Fortress’, Istas is a relatively simple establishment with a runway, a VTOL landing pad, and submarine docks that are to the north of the base. It’s also got a decent supply depot to the west, but other than that it doesn’t have much to speak of. So why is it considered a Fortress? It’s because the base itself is on top of a mountain and is surrounded by rugged and thick terrain that keeps all but the most capable of ground vehicles away from its facilities. This would require any would-be attackers to come from the air if they wished to take the base, which makes it a good base for those on a budget.

Megalith Launch Facility <Ace Combat JumpChain> {200}
Now we’re climbing up the ranks of what it means to have a fortress. Originally used as a missile launch installationin the wake of Ulysses 1994XF04’s discovery, it was never finished in time and the job for deflecting asteroid fragments was given to the Stonehenge Spacegun Turret Network. It was completed later in the Second Usean Continental War as a retaliation weapon, and the unnatural amount of missile silos installed for ICBM launchers proves that it maybe does its joba little too well. The facility is able to launch missiles to deflect falling fragments to guide their trajectory elsewhere, but surely the missiles could be used for more conventional manners. Likewise, the amount of AA guns and SAM sites on it makes it dangerous to approach, and the thickness of the outer layer means it would need to be attacked on the inside. Just be careful with this.

Cruik Fortress <Ace Combat JumpChain> {300}
Now thisis a fortress.Sure,you have those who think a few bunkers and a mountain means a stronghold, but usually they’re taken care of easily. But this precious site? By utilizing both the natural landscape and a massive structure that is a 360-degree barrier, this combination makes the fortress very difficult to assail. Of course, once you addin the rather large amount of pillboxes, bunkers of various sizes, gun towers on the two gatesit has, and a series of underground hangars and garages to field entire squadrons and battalions on a moment’s notice? It becomes unassailable to all but the best Ace Pilots backed by an entire army, being able to stall most modern armies fairly easily while withstanding quite the siege due to its large stockpile as well. When you need a place that’s as impressive as it looks? Look no further.

Create Your Own Fortress <Ace Combat JumpChain> {50}
A fully stocked location can take quite the load off, but sometimes they just don’t work for you. Why crib off of someone else when you can make your own mark upon the world and show them your creative mind? With this option, you can instead begin to customize your own fortress base and design it how you wish from the ground up. You can even give it a name if you wish, although be careful you don’t pick a name that causes others to underestimate you.

Bring Your Own Fortress <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
Itgoes without saying that sometimes our heart is just set on one particular thing. Maybe you’ve somehow had a place you’ve grown fond of, or you’ve had something you felt could use a bit of a touch-up. That’s why there’s this option to import one property of your choosing, augmenting its potential and allowing it to do great things. Should you have purchased a 'Heavy Command Cruiser' or a superweapon base such as the 'Excalibur Tower' or the 'Stonehenge Spacegun Turret Network', you may bring one into the 'Base Customization' table for free. Those who have purchased an 'Airborne Fortress' must still pay this surcharge to change the ship from a dedicated weapon of war to a flying base.

Two Into One <Ace Combat JumpChain> {100}
Oh. Oh dear. Why would you do something so horrible. Do you truly hate this world so much that you would unleash such a thing upon this planet? If you are that type... then far be it from me to prevent the gears of war to continue to churn. Using this one-time option, you may combine two Fortresses into oneto mix all of their strengths into a single horrific fortress of might. While budgets are not combined with this option... mixing two fortresses into one super fortress alone is a titanic advantage.

Base Points <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: 1000] With your selection in mind, you now possess +1000 ‘Base Points’ to use in the customization of your new piece of real estate.But if that isn’t enough...

Base Conversion <Ace Combat JumpChain> {50}
[BP: 50] For those who possess greater strength within their area, there is this option. For a 1:1 conversion, you may spend 50CP for 50BP to add. You may purchase this multiple times if you wish.

Ground-Based <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
This is the standard kind of base that one would expect from an Aviation installation. It’s got a runway, some buildings for others to use as they need, and it’s generally a place that is meant for take-offs and landings. The more militaristic-minded folk will try to shore up the defenses such a place would have, but for those of a pacifistic mindset it’s not truly needed. ...it might not be a bad idea to put down something in the event of an attack, though.

Sea-Based <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
A bit more expensive when you sit down and think about it, but it comes with its own advantages. Having a base out in the middle of the sea means it’s a bit more difficult to strike if you don’t have a naval fleet, and if you manage to make it mobile then it means you’ll constantly be on the move and mess up enemy intelligence. It can be a small problem when it comes to getting resources to and from your base, but once you’ve got the logistics handled people will point to you as a symbol of engineering prowess.

Heavy Command Cruiser <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -300] The most expensive option by far, this turns your base into a veritable terror of the skies and a true wonder of engineering. Originally conceived by the Belkans, a Heavy Command Cruiser is a mobile HQ that is equipped as a weapon of war and has the might to back that status up. By using this option, you can convert your base into one such Cruiser while takingit into the 'Plane Customization' table above for further customization. Should you already possess a 'Heavy Command Cruiser' that you imported into the 'Plane Customization' table, or an 'Airborne Fortress' that you imported into this table with 'Bring Your Own Fortress', you do not need to pay this surcharge.

Surface-to-Air Missiles <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -50] A little expensive for those who are on a budget, these missiles are something most bases tend to desire for the sake of warding off any planes that decide they want to poke their nose where it’s not wanted. Their functions are rather simple: Lock on, fire missile, hope target gets hit. Purchasing this will set up roughly four emplacements, with multiple purchases adding an additional four missile turrets. For Heavy Command Cruisers, this becomes Air-to-Air missile emplacements.For anadditional +50BP, these turrets can fire off multiple missiles at the same time to really give your enemies a heart attack.

Anti-Air Guns <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -50] Time to light up the sky and show them that this is your airspace! Not theirs, yours! What you have here isa quartet of anti-air gun emplacements which carry enough armor penetration to do some damage to planes and warships that try getting close to your base... there’s just the problem of making sure that the guns hit the plane in the first place. Be sure your aim is good with these! You may purchase this option multiple times to obtain four more turret emplacements each time. You may also spend an additional 50BP to give them aflak cannon mode in case you decided you didn’t want to take any chances.

Howitzers <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -50] Not useful for dealing with planes, but as it was pointed out beforehand there is more than one way to attack an air base. It goes without saying that there should be more than one way to defend a base as well, such as this slew of cannons meant to fire projectiles in an arc and shell a location of your choosing. They don’t have the range of artillery cannons, but they’re fairly cheap to deploy and can make an invading force think twice even if they have armored forces on their side. Each purchase gives you eight cannons, and can be purchases multiple times.

Surface-to-Surface Missiles <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -100] There is more to a war than using the air’s freedom of movement to strike down at those who are not blessed to soar among the clouds. After all, there arestill tanks and soldiers and armored vehicles which would love nothing more than to knock on your door while you’re too focused looking up. That’s why when they want to bring the party to you, you need enough party favors for everyone. Right here is a few missile batteries which can launch quite a few missiles at any invading ground or sea forces if they felt brave enough to show up, ensuring that they’re going to need to be good at interception or have a lot of allies. Those who have a Heavy Command Cruiser will find that it’s a slew of missile ports that can be aimed down at the unfortunate targets on the ground. You may buy this option multiple times to obtain additional missile batteries.

Pillboxes <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -100] The ideal setup when it comes to defenses would be something that let you shoot the enemy while preventing them from shooting back, allowing you to effectively attack the enemy at your leisure. While the level of technology in regards to ground attacks aren’t that sufficient yet, going back to basics tendsto be as effective a system as any. As fortified positions buried under steel and concrete, pillboxes are nearly impervious to small-arms fire and have slots so that those inside can shoot machine guns or rockets at an enemy... even small artillery. For Heavy Command Cruisers, this translates to fortified nests inside the vessel in the event of an invasion. One purchase grants six such boxes, and this option can be purchased multiple times.

Drone System <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -200] Why send out soldiers to attack the enemy and risk their lives when you can just send out disposable robots to do the deed instead? As technology marches forward and becomes cheaper due to new techniques of creation, it becomes more feasible to release an automated cohort of machines to sweep out and attack targets of your choosing. Upon purchase, you gain a grouping of two dozen 'Malgebolg’ combat drones which are meant to be fast, being able to execute maneuvers that any normal pilot would struggle to keep up with. Yet there’s a catch... they have asingle machine gun equipped, and they don’t have much in the way of armor. But that’s why they’re cheap to produce andmake for a great deterrent. This option can be purchased multiple times. You may spend an additional +100BP to upgrade these drones into 'Vogel' combat drones with increased armor and noticeably increased speed.

Artillery Cannons <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -200] When you absolutely, positively have to tell others to get off your damned lawn? You want something that is going to make a very powerful impression. You want something that when it hits, the enemy knows damn well that they’re not invited to your home. You want these 460mm cannons, three barrels each on two turret mounts which can be rotated around your base using a chain system so that you can aim and fire these things off at the unfortunate fool who thought it was a good idea to knock on your door. It’s got a bit of a reload time and the recoil is about what you would expect, but barring a superweapon this thing is one of the biggest sticks you could use. You may purchase this option multiple times.

Chemical Laser System <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -300] Well well well. It appears the future is now, and you’re going to burn anything that tries to get in the way of that. Conceived as an anti-ICBM laser system, this chemical laser weapon uses mirrors in orbit and powerful systems to create an extremely powerful laser that can annihilate just about any plane it could land a direct hit on. While it could launch lasers around itself directly, using said mirror satellites gives it aneffective range of twelve hundred kilometers around it to reach out like the hand of a god. It takes some time to charge up, but woe to the fool who lets you launch this thing. For an additional +100BP, you also gain access to a laser web aided by mirror-equipped UAVs that you can erect around the weapon so that any plane attempting to fly close to avoid the direct attack will regret ever doing so.

Nimbus Missiles <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -300] Cruise missiles can be a blessing and a curse in the sense that everyone is going to pay attention the moment you start firing them. It’s bad that everyone is going to focus on you upon finding out you have such powerful weaponry, but it’s good that they know you’re done messing around. Using sophisticated technology, these missiles are designed to detonate in mid-air and let the explosions continue for several seconds before finally dissipating. This would theoretically allow the missiles to damage anything that survived the initial blast and cause untold panic among any airborne forces that had the gall to violate your airspace. If you wish, this can be used to acquire Helios missiles. For an additional 100BP, you can utilize UAVs to guide the missiles to allow you to reach vastly longer ranges than your launch site so that no one will be safe from the power you possess.

Balaur Railgun <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -300] Now this is a gun. There were guns before that you could equip to your base, but this particular gun outclasses all the other ones by far. Possessing destructive capabilities unlike any other, the Balaur Railgun possesses enough force to destroy an entire section of a city with a single shot while its firing generates a shockwave that can destroy any nearby aircraft unfortunate enough to get too close. Using a radar network using powerful supercomputers, the railgun also has tremendous accuracy that makes anyone in their right mind fear the moment the gun fires. It does take some time to fire, so use it wisely. For an additional +100BP, you can upgrade the cooling systems and increase the energy outputto decrease there charge time and create a terrifying weapon.

Shock Cannon <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -300] Not... entirely sure if this works the way they say it works. But technology can be strange at times, and in the attempt to explain things the terminology can get mixed up. As long as it utterly devastates anything it touches, right? This weapon is a meson-particle device powered by a cyclotron-type particle accelerator, which works by spreading an explosive gas around the cannon itself before releasing a meson discharge to cause a terrifying shock wave that deals tremendous drama to anything above the weapon. For Heavy Command Cruisers the weapon is installed on its belly to turn it into a devastating air-to-ground tool. For an additional +100BP, the weapon is upgraded with a more powerful generator to decrease recharge time and allow it to work in nearly any adverse weather. It’s time to let science do its job.

ICBM Launch System <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -700] ...oh. Oh this is concerning. There’s a reason the world of Strangereal has had next to no nuclear proliferation in the wake of the Belkan War. To possess and use a weapon such as this would see the entire world terrified of what you could do. You would have enemies at every corner if you let it slip that you possessed this. After all, it’s a missile silo system that possesses ICBM missiles. They have an effective range that allows them to hit any target on the planet, and can be loaded with conventional, chemical, biological, or even nuclear warheads to decide the kind of mayhem you wish to unleash. All but the final type come stocked with this purchase, and it would be very easy to install a warhead should you possess one. Worse... once every ten years, if you have not launched it, it comes with a single V2 MIRV warhead that could lay waste to multiple targets at once or deliver utter devastation to a single target.

Communication Network <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
To have a base that is organized and working as one, you need to be able to communicate with others effectively. You need to be able to say something and have others in the facility hear it instantly, or at least ensure the section of the base you want tohear you actually does so. You have a localized network in your base that ensures you can get a hold of any system you want to communicate with instantly, or even do a base-wide announcement so everyone gets the message you’re sending. For an additional +50BP you can upgrade this to an astonishingly fast internet service so that not only can you set up systems for anyone on site but you can also communicate with other places with just the click of a button. ...or maybe the troops will just use it for social media sites. Who knows?

Radar Systems <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
It would be really nice if you could detect incoming objects as they arrived, wouldn’t it? Or if you had some kind of system that let you detect if something was friend or foe? It would be nice if there was a detection system for that... oh wait. With this system you’ve got a radar network that can detect things up to a hundredmiles around you and detect various objects to give you a heads-up. This is not without its drawbacks however, and is vulnerable to things like jamming or interference that others could potentially engage in. For an additional +50BP you can either increase its range another hundred miles or increase its strength so it does not fall prey to sabotage. This option can be purchased multiple times.

Support Staff <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
It’s not exactly proper to have a base that has a population of one. That’s a really good way of seeing such a place become decrepit and worn-out due to having no one around to maintain the facilities. That’s why you need a crewthat tends to the place. That’s why you need this support staff, tending to the base and manning the facilities to ensure that it’s in tip-top shape for you. They’ll man the defenses, keep the place clean, and even aid in the mess hall for you to make sure the place is running smoothly while you’re there... or while you’re not there. You don’t have to take this option if you want, it’s mostly there for the sake of convenience. 

Vehicle Users <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -50] You need more than support staff tending to the maintenance and upkeep of your facility. You need tank drivers, boat drivers, and most importantly you need fighter pilots. The best defense is a good offense after all, and with this option your support staff will also come with troops trained for battle in order to ensure you’re not the only one pulling their weight. Foran additional +100BP to this option, the skill they start with and the rate of learning increases noticeably so that you’ll have veritable aces in a short period of time. Maybe you’ll have an ace squadron someday?

Ground Troops <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -50] But why settle for only support staff? You need soldiers willing to go out and do your dirty work. Soldiers that are willing to take to the field and wield the guns on your behalf and take over objectives while fighter planes make a mess of things in the air. This option adds those ground troops to your support staff, letting you field soldiers where you need them togo to accomplish your tasks. For an additional +50BP, a couple of Special Operations units are added to take care of some of the more dangerous or risky tasks, or if you happen to want to getsome wetwork done. Time to accomplish your agenda.

Datalink Server <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -50] You really should keep the whole system coordinated and organized. While it’s fine and dandy to rely on communications and verbally telling others where to aim, that might not be the most prudent course of action when it’s all going to hell. For a small purchase you can instead wire up all your systems and defenses into a datalink server that aids in coordinating and flagging which targets are friendly and which ones are on the kill list.It also provides a constant status report of your baseso that you can see which sides are under attack, what damage you might have taken, and how many enemies there are in front of you. It’s not as far-ranged as a radar system by far, but it’s much more informative.

R&D Division <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -100] It can be hard to make your way to the top, ensuring your dominance over everyone else in the art of warfare. It’s an entirely different beast to stay at the top, and that kind of arms race has been responsible for the destabilization of many countries. You can attempt to stay ahead of the game with a purchase of this, creating a small research and development section in your base to continually analyze your own vehicles and technology to try and improve it... or to analyze the enemy and their own technology, in hopes of adapting it to your own equipment to ensure you’re never caught off guard. For an additional +100BP, you may also choose to have an A.I. installed into the computers as a dedicated intelligence that focuses on all of these goals... whether it fulfills the functions of your research and development wing or aids them to make faster findings is up to you.

Simulation Chairs <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -100] It would be nice if you had some way to train your troops. Some kind of virtual reality machine that you could just plop them into and not have to worry about the problems of things like accidentally destroying a multi-million dollar piece of equipment during a training exercise. Why not use this upgrade, then? A small section is dedicated to a powerful simulation device where you can train up others in the art of warfare, whether it’s in base defense or flying fighter planes or controlling tanks and other vehicles. Granted, it relies on the ones in the chair willing to learn, but beyond that it could save you a lot of resources.

MachineShop <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -100] Things break. That’s just a fact of life when it comes to technology. The more complex something gets, the more liable it is to malfunction, fall apart, or just get busted into pieces when you take it into battle. It’s not the fault of the machine, it’s just the inherent nature of what happens when you put stress on something. But what is broken must be fixed, and so there’s this machine shop that’s installed on your base. It comes regularly stocked with parts needed to repair your base and its systems, ensuring that if something goes wrong, you have what you need to get it all situated. Whether it comes with the staff needed to make said repairs is up to you, but it’s good to have the option at least.

Chokepoints & Trenches <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -100] What’s the point of just letting the enemy stroll right into your facility as if it were a walk in the park? Sure you’ve got defenses and the like, but if it’s just an open field... there’s nothing really slowing them down, is there? It would be a shame if something changed that. With a purchase of this, the situation becomes much less straight forward. Land-based bases have trenches dug out and chokepoints for soldiers to set up so it bottlenecks enemies through. Sea-based bases and Heavy Command Cruisers are given chokepoints and locations that can be sealed off, trapping enemies between bulkheads. What you do with them there... well, surely you can be creative with trapped enemies.

Tank Division <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -100] It’s rude not to greet guests with the respect they deserve. After all, nobody likes it when they arrive on your doorstep and nobody’s there to see how they’re doing. But just sending soldiers is no real way to bring your A-game. That’s why you’ve got a slew of tanks here ready to roll out and launch attacks on any fools who would think your turrets and machine guns would be the only thing standing in their way. Some might think it’s overkill, but that depends on what the enemy brought with them. Should you have a sea-based base you instead have a small fleet of attack boats mixed with some destroyers, while a Heavy Command Cruiser might find themselves armed with some bombers and gunships ready to roll out and fill the skies with very dangerous ordnance. Whether they’re staffed by soldiers or happen to be controlled by some A.I. that might be manning your defenses, is up to you.

Fighter Swarm <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -100] Aha, not willing to settle for something mere like tanks and bombers, are we? An understandable view for one who knows that they are about to go into war. For a small surcharge we can add to your force in the form of this fleet of 4th Generation Fighter Planes capable of being launched from your base and take off to attack or defend as needed. For an additional +100BP charge on top of that, they’ll be upgraded to a 5th Generation Fighter Plane model of your choice so that your capabilitiescan be even more deadly.

Supercomputer Systems <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -200] The important thing when it comes to running a military base is making sure that resources are saved. Why use three missiles on an enemy when two well-placed ones will do the job? Why have full power going when you get what you need with only three-fourths power? Sometimes squeezing the most out of things is what you need, and this overhaul on your base to augment its systems might do the trick. You get more out of your power generation, your defenses are more accurate, and even the computer systems seem to be more effective. In short, the base is optimized to be more efficient and let you get additional bang for your buck.

Redundant Systems <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -200] You know what can suck? When you want to fire up the defenses but they took your network down. Having no back-ups can be the bane of many commanders as they’re forced to sit there and scream at their uselessness. But that’s why this upgrade current exists, creating multiple redundant systems so that if one goes down, you can just swing to another one to get right back into things. They knocked out your power supply? You’ve got a back-up. They hacked your defense network? Switch to the subnetwork and surprise them with some bullets thrown their way. Some might call it a waste of resources and overkill. You might just call it practical, considering the kind of people you can be up against.

Self-Destruct System <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -200] The first rule of combat? Never leave the enemy with the spoils. There may be times where you have to abandon your base in the wake of an enemy’s onslaught. Maybe youtried your best to defend what you have, but just couldn’t hold on. Rather than risk your location and resources to somebody else, why not make it a pyrrhic victory for them? What you have here is a dangerous switch that requires a key only you possess, that can overload every single system the base has and turn it into a complete wreck that will hold no use for anyone hoping to take it afterwards. Weapons will detonate, generators will slag themselves, even the very circuitry will start overloading as computer systems crash themselves as if there was no tomorrow. It may seem like a bit much... but sometimes you need to do whatever it takes to win.

ECM Systems <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -200] Missile locks when used by the enemy can ruin someone’s day fierce. You’re trying to do things, then some random flyboy shows up with a weapon and launches it, while they’re free to fly away and do something else. It’s time you surprised them. It’s time you cheated like crazy. Using this machine about twice as big as a plane, it can give off a sort of jamming signal that makes it so enemies can’t lock on with missiles at all and either have to fire them off blindly or use their machineguns if they want any sort of accuracy. Even better, you’re not exactly subject to such rules while it’s on.They may argue, but who cares? You’re winning.

Aurora <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -200] This... should not exist. Seriously, it shouldn’t. It’s too soon for it, to say nothing of how dangerous such a thing is. But if you’re sure the risk is worth it... using an artificial neural network, this A.I. unit will grow and develop the more data it is given while being primarily installed as a defense network for your facility. It will not only aid in controlling your defenses and giving you tactical advice, but over time it will grow to be as clever-thinking as a human or beyond. This will allow it to think of different tactics... such as hijacking every UAV drone that comes within range of the facility and turning them on their former masters. In time it may even learn to do more. It’s a lot of potential, but last time someone tried this it went megalomaniacal and tried to incite war out of fear of a pre-emptive attack. Hopefully you can do better with it.

Microwave-Powered Dome <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -400] Technology in this world was always strange before, but now it’s just gone into the realm of sci-fi. Ensure that it’s on your side with this purchase. In collecting this, a special machine is installed that upon detecting danger or on demand immediately activate and put up an Active Protection System to deflect the damage. What this means in layman’s terms is that an energy shield dome is erected to protect it. Normally it can only be used sparsely and must be recharged after each use. But if one had a powerful enough source of energy, one could potentially use it as often as they desire...

Control Tower <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
This seems like it would be a no brainer, but you’d be surprised what kind of things people tend to forget when they try to set up a base in a world that seems to constantly be at war with itself. After all, who’s going to direct the planes? Who’s going to guide them on who can land and who can take off? That’s why there’s this basic control tower here which handles the arrival and departure of various planes, ensuring that there’s one less worry on your mind. For an additional +50BP, this is upgrade to two control towers so that one group handles arrivals and one handles departures. In the event one is taken out, the other can pick up the slack. In a Heavy Command Cruiser, this is translated to a control sector on one side of the bridge so that they can beat peace while they work.

Runway <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
Admittedly there’s not much to say about something like this. It’s a runway. You kind of need it if you want to let planes land and take off from your base to do what they need to do. It’s nothing all that fancy,but it’s got the lights needed to let anyone land during night time when you turn them on, and it’ll get the job done. For an additional +50BP, you can install a Catapult Assisted Take-Off Barrier Arrested Recovery system on that is similar to the ones on aircraft carriers. Why is this important? Well it’ll shorten the runway size you need by a considerable amount, which can let you use that extra real estate for other things you might have a desire to install and operate... or maybe to just have a smaller base in general.

Hangar Bays/WarehousesRunway <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
Planes are fine when they’re going through the air and dealing with enemies. But leaving them to the elements and the outdoors when they’re not in use? Well that just seems really crass. You need somewhere to store your vehicles and planes when you’re not busy destroying anything that’s not on your side, and that’s what these establishments are for. It’s not the most fancy thing in the world, but it’ll serve its purpose and make sure your means for vehicular slaughter are in prime condition for their tasks. For an additional +50BP, these hangar bays also come equipped with special clamps and harnesses to make refitting and refueling any planes go much more quickly than they would if you were using them by hand. For sea-based bases, this also means you have docks for boats and submarines.

Barracks <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -Free]:Sleeping is important, and contrary to internet culture is certainly not for the weak. There’s a reason that standard time for lights out is at 9pm while they wake you up at 5am, barring unusual circumstances. Barracks are important. It has the basics; cots with walled off sections, shared bathrooms and shower areas, built for efficiency. It’s not the best, but it’ll get the job done. Now for an additional +50BP, this instead gets turned intoluxury accommodations; shower areas have curtains and multiple shower heads to enjoy oneself, with plush beds for everyone. Officers would get their own private bathrooms and bedroom, and the grunts’ own bedrooms would have strangely comfortable bunkbeds with a decent amount of space. Just be careful you don’t make the enemy attack you out of jealousy!

ChowHall <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -Free]:Folks need to eat. Unless you somehow staffed your entire facility with nothing but A.I. and robots, that’s a truth you’re not going to be able to get around. You need something to ensure your followers will get their nutrition, and that’s what the chow hall is for. Serving up three square meals a day, you can ensure they’ll get the food they need to keep fit and keep fighting... quality may vary depending on what you prefer to serve to them. For an additional +50BP, this hall is upgraded so that not only does it serve food twenty-four hours a day, but it will also be equippedfor luxury foodsso that your soldiers can feel like royalty. Why settle for fish sticks when they could be dining on blackened catfish, for example?

Themed Aesthetics <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -50] Some might say that this is a waste of resources. After all, a base should be designed for military effectiveness rather than looking like some luxury hotel or a royal palace. That defeats the point of a base. Yet, it is your base. If you want it to look a certain way, why should anyone tell you no? By purchasing this you can give your base a certain theme to it... it could be an Egyptian theme, it could be based off of feudal Japan, it could appear like a corporate facility, or even like a royal palace. Who’s to say? You, that’s who. This will even cover things like base defenses or the inner workings, though it won’t give actual luxury accommodations. You need to put that in yourself. For an additional +50BP, you canfine-tune itso that instead of following a general theme you can control just how much of it is a base and how much is the theme, with how it’s expressed. You could even hybridize themes should you choose.

Supply Depos <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -50] Ammunition and supplies are kind of important. You need them to load your weapons, fuel your vehicles, attach new plating to your planes and tanks... even something like a new set of light bulbs needs to come from somewhere. These supply depos will come with what you need, coming stocked with what is required to maintain and run your base as needed so that if you need to refuel or replace something, you’re all good. For an additional +50BP, you can also install cargo spaces for any interesting finds you may want to stash in the facility for later... maybe it’s a golden statue you found somewhere, or you need a place to drop all the loot you raided from an enemy base while you get it sorted out.

Logistics Lines <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -100] Of course, you also need a way to move those supplies when the need arises. Maybe you need to do an emergency relief aid mission, or you’ve decided to do some aggressive expansion somewhere along the coast and your troops there need 'vacation supplies' to make their stay more enjoyable. That’s where these go-getter vehicles come in.Cargo trucks, freighter planes, even large helicopters meant to move large amounts of materials are now here and await your instructions. Whether they’re controlled by troops you have on base or are instead slaved to an A.I. of yours is up to you.

Arboretum <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -50] There’s something to be said about looking out for the mental health of those who may visit the base. After all, all work and no play can make Jack go crazy... or dull. One of the two. Anyway, that’s why you need this. True, a botanical locationfilled with trees and plants and pathways isn’t exactly kosher when it comes to some military establishments, but you’d be surprised what a little green can do. For an additional +50BP, this can be upgraded to include small rivers, waterfalls,and well-sculpted statues to give a more classy appearance that can let personnel think they’ve entered a whole new place.

Pharmacy & Medical Wing <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -100] Casualties are an unfortunate consequence of war in most cases. Not everyone comes back alive, just as not everyone makes it out unscathed. That’s why it can be problematic when the enemy wounds one of your soldiers; they’re taken out of the fight but they also require extra attention. This installed wing can alleviate a lot of the pain on that front, at least. Filled up with all kinds of drugs and medications, this medical wing is equipped to handle just about any modern operation or condition that your soldiers could come down with. Missing limbs might have some trouble, but at least they’ll never have to worry about running low on medicine they might need.

Prison Wing <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -100] Casualties aren’t the only consequence of war when you think about it. Where does enemy intelligence come from besides spy methods? By capturing the enemy and grilling them for information, that’s how. Even then, there’s the fact that the more of their troops you’re keeping locked up, the less troops they’re throwing at you. It’s not glamorous, but this prison wing comes with the usual cells and set-up so you can keep an eye on those you capture, with an interrogation chamber for you to question anyone unfortunate enough to be caught by you. For an additional +100BP, you can upgrade this wing to make it a maximum security prison instead, greatly reducing the chances of escape and making it that much more likely the enemy will cooperate if it means getting out of that hellhole you’ve locked them in.

Reclamation Upgrade <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -200] Generators are pretty good when it comes to ensuring the power stays on for your facility, but there’s nothing really wrong with going green. After all, there’s only one planet and it makes sense to take advantage of it when you can. It can also ease the burden on the other functions of the facility which can stretch your resources out a lot further... which is very important if you happen to be under siege. An upgrade like this would come with water filters so that you can collect from rain or local water supplies, solar panels installed on the roofing of your buildings to collect additional power along with a small solar panel farm to the side, and a garden area so that you can grow your own crops and have some fresh fruits and veggies on hand! A sea-based base would come with wave power and tidal power facilities to generate electricity along with the filters and the garden, while a Heavy Command Cruiser would have its garden become a hydroponic sector with its solar panels installed on various points of the ship to capture energy along with a wind turbine to capture air as it travels while having a moisture collection system for water. This upgrade also comes with waste recycling systems so that there’s little to no waste to ensure maximum effectiveness of the base.

Bunker Section <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -200] Yes, you’ve got yourself a fancy base with all kinds of amenities and toys. But what happens if things start going awry? What if you want an addition to the base? What you need is a bunker to give yourself some additional wiggle room. Located under the base, this is typically where a secondary command center and emergency supplies would be stored, as well as granting you a second section to expand your facility to place things. Maybe you want your crew quarters down here, or you want to store all your most valuable sectors like R&D here instead? It’s up to you, just know that this is your most fortified section and that enemies will treat it as such if they find out. For sea-based bases, it is an underwater section connected by an elevator to move things, while a Heavy Command Cruiser will find they have a hull size increase to make room for especially armored sections that won’t fall prey to such petty things like crashing on the ground. The contents inside might be another story, so do try to prepare for that.

Upgrade Variants <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
...oh. Well, not satisfied with the regular kind of base then. You want to increase the amount of damage your base can do in the event of an attack... or if you’re doing the attacking. Either way, you have decided to invest in what is considered an ‘Onslaught’ upgrade; all-around improvements that will create a higher danger for anything that’s not friendly to you. You must buy the first tier before buying the second tier, and the second tier must be purchased before buying the third tier. Your base taking on the color of these upgrades is optional, and you may take on the color of a lower variant if you choose upon purchasing a higher variant.

Red <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -200] The upgrades that come with this variant are somewhat basic, but they are no less deadly in what it applies to your fortress. The armor plating and construction of your base hasgone through a complete review while improving what can be done, which noticeably increases the toughness and durability of both the base and its weapons. It will take a significant amount of damage more than normal to take this monster down. Maybe the red paint has come from the blood of the enemies who dared to test you.

Gold <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -200] This is where things really start getting dangerous for anyone who isn’t on your side. This upgrade applies additional innovations in science to not only improve the armor and durability of your facility to a significant degree above the prior tier, but it also comes with the weapons of the base being improved to pump out significantly greater damage. There is also a second defense that is installed in this base, such as additional laser systems and a web if you had a laser weapon before, or augmented means to counter guided and optical weapons. You’re really setting the gold standard now.

Black <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
[BP: -100] And thus, the black specter of Death looms over the battlefield with such a monster. You have gone not for the power to change the world or the power to defend against it, but the power to reign over whoever follows you and annihilate anyone who doesn’t. This is whatyou get when you wish to end wars. The firepower your base possesses is even stronger than before, while advanced targeting systems increase the precision such weapons possess. This could mean that even the slightest glance of a hit could cause noticeable damage, to say nothing of adirect hit with your main weapons. It’s time to darken the days of those who would dare oppose you.

[Drawbacks]

Extended Stay <Ace Combat JumpChain> {0}
So you wish to prolong your time here? A choice not many would seek, but that in of itself is hardly considered risky enough to award points. You may extend your time an additional ten years here, to see the additional wars that will come about in this world. Should you desire, it could even let you stay long enough to experience the events of Ace Combat 3in the 2040s.

Dancing with the Angels <Ace Combat JumpChain> {+100}
You’ll note that every war tends to try and go with a theme. Demon Lords and knights, Ghosts, even angels. So naturally when you fight, everyone around you tries to pigeonhole you with an attempted theme. It... doesn’t really work. Heck, it’s annoying as hell. But good luck getting them to stop, for no matter what you do everyone around you will keep forcing this theme on you. Your commanders, your allies, the media... everyone.

Cocky <Ace Combat JumpChain> {+100}
When one is an accomplished pilot or soldier of war, it’s only natural to get some kind of ego or a bit of pride from how you’ve dodged Death’s scythe for so long. It’s not a problem so long as you don’t let it go to your head. Which funny enough, is the problem. You’re an asshole, plain and simple. You can’t help but brag about everything, you don’t take your missions seriously, and experimental weapons you take as a challenge. Not even the rude awakening of getting overwhelmed will shake this.

Political Problems <Ace Combat JumpChain> {+100}
Wars are caused by many things... bickering on resources, complaints on infrastructure, a country violated agreements, something. Yet all of these things can be traced back to the source of arguments in offices and political halls. Normally people seem to be able to talk things over before it gets to a breaking point, but now just about anything will set off a furious debate and increase the chances of additional conflict that much more. Instead of a war starting every five years, you might end up seeing them happen every two years. Be careful not to let the world burn for this.

Embarrassing Callsign <Ace Combat JumpChain> {+100}
Mobius One. Cipher. Blaze. All these callsigns can incite bravery in the hearts of allies and fear in the hearts of enemies. Callsigns are more than just a name, they can be a title and a badge of honor for those who manage to accomplish much in a war. It can also be an honor to be among those who serve alongside such a callsign. That’s why it’s going to be frustrating when they look to you and see a concerning name like ‘Flufftail’ or ‘Bubblegum’. It could be worse... you could be ‘Toesock’.

Belkan Conspiracies <Ace Combat JumpChain> {+100}
Those Belkans just love to stir shit up, it seems. Always sowing chaos, always trying to cause problems. Now you’ll be involved in those conspiracies, or at the very least be caught up in them. Gone are the days where it’s a simple fight, now it’s a game of subterfuge and feints. Hope you don’t mind needing to play detective and suspect everyone you know.

It's a Rental <Ace Combat JumpChain> {+200}
Planes are expensive, you know. Even the cheapest one costs a few million dollars, and the most expensive planes can cost up to over a hundred million. This isn’t even including experimental weaponry, so naturally seeing one damaged is going to get a pricey repair bill. Yet you seem to always get your plane damaged somehow on every run. Whether it’s a lucky missile, or friendly fire, or maybe maintenance wasn’t as good. You’re going to have to learn to get by with sub-optimal conditions. If you stay in the capital dealing with politics, expect everything you own to break down if it’s above a certain degree of luxury.

Barf Bag <Ace Combat JumpChain> {+200}
It takes a special kind of person to be able to fly a plane, one who can handle g-forces and complex maneuvers without becoming sick in a way that would be a detriment to the mission. You are not one of those special people. Your constitution is a bit weaker than most, and too much movement can cause you to feel... well, ill. You’ll either need to stick to predictable moves or make your missions quick. ...how did you even become a pilot? Granted, if you’re stuck in the political battlefield this is different, causing problems if you’re arguing or talking for too long. You might have to make your point in a short time span.

Logistical Problem <Ace Combat JumpChain> {+200}
The chain of supplies is important the further away from factories and the capital. Should a single convoy get intercepted it can make resources and supplies for troops become that much more troublesome, which in turn would make fighting that much more dangerous. A shame that you seem to keep getting hit with such troubles, leaving you with much less resources and ammunition than you normally would. This means you either have to play things very carefully or start raiding from the enemy. The latter is considered a war crime and could lead to bad things if you’re found out, so try not to get caught if you’re driven to that point.

Number One <Ace Combat JumpChain> {+200}
It can be difficult to climb your way to the top when there’s a multitude of enemies who are all trying to kill you. It can be equally difficult to stay at the top when other enemy aces decide you’re a worthy fight and try to seek you out during inopportune times. You’ll find that the more successful you are, the more the enemy begins to single you out and try to focus on eliminating you in the hopes of destroying your side’s morale as well as turn the tide of battle in their favor. You could be in a random base attack and an experimental super plane would be spotted in trying to hunt you down. For those in the political gambit? Expect other politicians and speech givers to be calling you out or constantly questioning you, with attempted assassination should you manage to triumph over them. Being at the top is dangerous.

Put Into Solitary <Ace Combat JumpChain> {+200}
You are hereby charged with assassinating the Prime Minister. What’s that? You were cleared of it? Clearly that didn’t stop you as we saw evidence of you sabotaging the oil lines! Such charges will be common for you, and time and time again you’ll be charged with war crimes while being forced to serve in a penal squadron. Give them too much lip and you’ll be friends with a solitary confinement cell as a repeat offender. On the plus side, be on good behavior and you’ll manage to be transferred out or find the means to clear your name... until the next great war.

Superweapon Sinatra <Ace Combat JumpChain> {+300}
Oh. Oh no. It’s bad enough needing to deal with the occasional firing of a superweapon along with the forces your enemy may have at their fingertips, but they normally don’t fire it off constantly to save resources for when they really need to get something. That ‘something’ is now you. Turns out whatever superweapon is in your war has an untold hatred for you, and any time you get in range of one, it WILL fire at you. As often as it can. Your life will be hell if you choose this.

Technological Prowess <Ace Combat JumpChain> {+300}
With so many wars, it’s only inevitable that the advanced technology becomes lost first while the things that are easy to produce are the ones relied upon. Granted, this doesn’t always apply to both sides, as you’re about to find out. You’re the only one with an advanced craft. Everyone else on your side only gets fourth generation aircraft while your enemies get fifth level generation aircraft at MINIMUM. Expect multiple sixth generation craft to be fielded by the enemy for the sole purpose of wrecking your forces.

Rival <Ace Combat JumpChain> {+300}
There’s always that one enemy that seems to survive to fight another day. For every force, there must be a counterforce to tip the balance back. It sounds corny in retrospect, but it’s funny how it always seems to happen. This same thing has happened with you now, a rival who has joined these conflicts for the sole purpose of fighting you. They will always seem to survive each battle, learning different ways to combat your fighting style and technology. At the end of your stay, you’ll be given an invitation to the B7R location, a place where aces are made and destroyed. They’ll have one last match with you, for the right to be a King of the Round Table. Will you have the strength to ascend?

Onslaught Mode <Ace Combat JumpChain> {+300}
Most times it is the numbers and the resources each side has that determines the outcome of war. In this sense, it is fair play. This option mocks the concept of fair, and it’s as if the difficulty mode just got turned up considerably for the purpose of making it an uphill battle for you. Everyone else’s durability and damage output increased, while their speed is also improved. This means it’s going to be more difficult to take them out while it’s somewhat easier for them to take your side out unless you have some serious plans up your sleeve. It might be more difficult to deal with, but surely it would mean your legend would be that much greater if you won?

Flight of the Drones <Ace Combat JumpChain> {+300}
What have you done. What madness spurned you into this horrific action? It’s not enough that the Belkans have managed to master UAV and drone technology for their own ends, but the drones have managed to acquire your combat data. In short, this means not only have the drones become self-aware but they’re producing in tremendous numbers while attacking anything that’s not them. Even when you wipe them all out, there’s always some remnant that manages to get away and replenish its numbers with the new data it got from you. It’s not just a war of boundaries and resources anymore, it’s a war to prevent extinction.

Ace Combat <Ace Combat JumpChain> {+600}
What... what is this. What reason could you have for condemning your own side to this torture of a cataclysmic event. Not only do your enemies get three superweapons that fire on your position regularly, but you have an entire enemy ace squadron of Sixth Generation Fighters hounding you regularly that will always match your plane specs atminimum. Should that fail, aerial warships will soon start taking to the skies. What did you do to cause such chaos and strife in this world? WHAT DID YOU DO?!

Performance Issues <Ace Combat JumpChain> {+600}
Well, this is a problem. Granted that’s more a matter of context, but it can still be an issue for someone like you. Any fancy supernatural power you may have had? ...kind of gone for the duration of this visit. Knowledge and skills remain, but any inhuman ability is more or less removed as a result of this world solidifying its nature more thoroughly than normal to ensure an even playing field. You’ll still know what to do, right? ...right?

