Azeroth
Updated 09-7-19
Version 1.0
By: Silentcrypt
─
Welcome to Azeroth, a land of magic and endless war. A world where dragons soar and demons prowl the night. The two major factions, The Horde and The Alliance, battle for, well honestly no one knows anymore, they just like killing one another.  But don’t let the magical nature of this world fool you, for there is evil lurking everywhere, even in the heart of the planet itself. The Old Gods, the Twilight Cult, the Scourge, the Burning Legion, the Cult of the Damned, and many, many other threats abound on Azeroth.


This Jumpchain assumes the Jumper has, at least, a basic understanding of World of Warcraft before taking this Jump. If you are not familiar with WoW, the expansions, the races, classes, or items listed within, I implore you to look up videos on youtube or subscribe to WoW yourself and check it out. I will not spend too much time covering well-known things like classes or the playable races, and most of the attention will be focused on items and races you can’t get in the game or there is little knowledge of even within the game. Again, if you are new, I encourage you to check out Youtube (Nobbel87 is a pretty good source for lore) and do a bit of research on your own.

As with all Jumps, you start off with 1000 CP to spend on whatever you like.
Location
  

You may choose any location on Azeroth that was available during World of Warcraft Classic and on the two major continents Kalimdor and The Eastern Kingdoms. Time is a bit iffy in WoW, so ten years for you will be the duration of two expansions, meaning if you started in Classic Era you will be on Azeroth until Burning Crusade has run its course or from the start of Burning Crusade until the end of Wrath of the Lich King. For those of you who want to roll a 1d8 for a location, here are some examples:

1. Westfall: Rolling plains of grain with a beautiful ocean view of Murlocs. This location is also home to the Defias Brotherhood, but overall, it is a relatively safe starting location.
2. Teldrassil: A World Tree created by the Druids and home of the Night Elf Capital Darnassus. Other than a few Satyr demons here and there, it’s a pretty safe starting area.
3. Durotar: A barren desert with barely any life. The Bristleboar are largely at war with the Horde over control of most of this zone, but as far as zones go, it’s still safe in comparison to the end zones. Hope you packed some sunblock.
4. Darkshore: On the Western coast of Kalimdor, this zone is largely populated by Furbolgs who are, in general, non-violent humanoid bear creatures that have a close relationship with the Druids and Night Elves. This area often sees conflict between the Night Elves and the Orcs, and East of its location is Ashenvale, which is in a near constant state of war over the natural resources.
5. Dun Morogh: Home of the Dwarves, or at least a faction of them, this is a mountainous and hilly area rich in minerals. The greatest threats here are the Troggs, Frost Trolls, and the few Leper Gnomes that make their way from the depths of Gnomeragan.
6. Eastern Plaguelands: The location of the ever-burning Stratholme, sacked by Prince Arthas himself before he became the Lich King. This is an area not meant for the living. Very few places in this zone are safe. Wild undead roam the land, and the plants themselves are filled with disease and death. In the future, it will be the site of a battle between the Death Knights of Acherus Hold and the Paladins of Lights Hope Chapel.
7. Silithus: Near the Southern end of Kalimdor lies Silithus, a land without life, save for the intelligent insect humanoids who worship the Old Gods. Possibly one of the most dangerous zones on Azeroth (Classic Era).
8. Free Choice: Choose any location in Azeroth that you desire, so long as it is available in Classic Era WoW. (Exceptions for Unique races whose starting location will override these choices.)
  

Race


Azeroth is home to a large diversity of sentient and sapient species that range from Humanoid in appearance to, well, almost anything you can imagine. Choose your race, but be warned: some races aren’t loved by all, and some may override your starting location to a more dangerous area. All races who are playable in game right now come with their own racial abilities and passives unless stated otherwise. All races are restricted to the classes they could take in the game unless otherwise stated. See the notes section with races marked with ** for how their racials work in other Jumps. All races will count as a Drop In, no one will question your origin since there is so much war and loss of life. If you so desire, you may receive the necessary memories and background for your race to begin your stay here as an Adventurer and blend in with the rest of your race seamlessly (Operator). However, those who take Hail to the King, or Queen, Baby may also receive the necessary knowledge to blend in and rule your new kingdom.




Alliance
1. Human: I’m pretty sure you already know everything there is to know about humans. You may choose to be a Citizen of Stormwind or a Kul’tiran.

2. Dwarf: Short of stature but stout of heart, the Dwarves are crafters of some of the Alliance's most deadly warmachines. You may choose any Dwarven Clan you desire, but be warned: the Dark Iron Clan is very much hated by the other Dwarves, at least until BFA Era.

3. Night Elf: The Kaldorei are an ancient people dating back to before the War of the Ancients that split the once Pangaea continent of Azeroth into several pieces. They are the protectors of the forest and worshippers of the Mother Goddess of the Moon Elune.

4. Gnome: The Gnomes were driven from their home, Gnomeregan, when the Troggs attacked from below. The Gnomes attempted to use Radiation to kill the Troggs, only for it to backfire, as the Troggs were immune, but the Gnomes weren’t. Now they live in a section of Ironforge along with the Dwarves.

5. Draenei: Actual aliens, the Draenei crash-landed on Azeroth in the BC Era of WoW. Their ship was too damaged to be repaired anytime soon, so they were forced to stay. They quickly made contact with the Night Elves, who befriended them, though integration with the Alliance was not smooth. The Draenei were viewed as demons because of their Eredar counterparts and so were mistrusted by most of the Alliance until the defeat of the Lich King, where Draenei Paladins proved invaluable to the war effort.  You may choose to spend your time on Draenor battling the demon-imbued Orcs of the Horde, if you desire, or start at the beginning of Burning Crusade Era. 

6. Lightforged Draenei: Draenei imbued with the power of the Light from a Na’ru, they tend to be overzealous in their pursuit of destroying evil. Those who choose this race may start in the Era of Legion or start in the BC Era and choose to become a Lightforged after the events of Legion.

7. Worgen: Humans of Gilneas who became cursed to transform into mindless lupine beasts known as the Worgen. It wasn’t until the Night Elves arrived that the Gilneans were able to gain back their humanity and control, but they lost their home to the Forsaken who plagued the entire city. Unlike other races, Worgen are immune to the curse of Undeath unless they are raised as Death Knights. You may choose to start as a citizen of Gilneas beginning your life in Azeroth before the fall of Gilneas or as another Human somewhere on Azeroth who has been infected yet somehow overcame the bestial nature of the curse on your own. If you choose to be a Human outside of Gilneas who has been cursed, you will need to hide your Worgen form until the events of Cataclysm lest you be hunted.

8. Pandaren: A race of humanoid pandas. They are very chill and laid-back. Their race created the martial arts class called Monks who specialize in weaponless combat. If you choose this race, you can either start on Pandaria before the events of Mists of Pandaria or begin your adventure on the Wandering Isle at the onset of MoP. Not all Pandaren have allied with the Alliance; some joined the Horde, and others remained Neutral permanently. You can choose.

9. Void Elves: An offshoot of the Sin’dorei, or Blood Elves, who embraced the power of the Void and cast out by their brethren. This race won’t even exist until the events of Battle for Azeroth. If you take this race, you must start at the beginning of BfA or the tail end of Legion.


Horde
   1. Orc: The savage race of Orcs invaded Azeroth through the Dark Portal and were led by Gul’dan. They are feared and hated, for good reason, by most of the Alliance. The Orcs have been led time and again down a dark path by evil leaders, but under Thrall they began to reclaim a semblance of the honor they once held. You can choose to start as a corrupted Green Skin Orc or the Uncorrupted Mag’har Orcs who hail from an alternate timeline. The Mag’har come from a parallel timeline where the Orcs were not corrupted by Demonic taint due to the intervention of Garrosh Hellscream. By choosing the Mag’har, you may begin your journey during the events of Warlords of Draenor.

   2. Troll: The Trolls are the oldest natural race of Azeroth, dating back to even before the Elves, who are actually Trolls that spent too much time around areas of powerful arcane magic like the Well of Eternity. The Trolls are often viewed as barbaric and savage in the same vein as the Orcs by the Alliance. Known for their human sacrifices and worship of spirits called Loa, the Trolls are powerful Shamans and mystics. You may choose to start off as a member of the Darkspear Tribe or the Zandalari. If you choose the Zandalari, you may either choose to begin your time in one of the zones of Zandalar or begin during the events of Battle for Azeroth.

   3. Forsaken: Humans who were killed when Arthas returned from the frozen wastes of Northrend and began a crusade of death and terror in Lordaeron that stretched to Quel’thalas. The Forsaken aren’t entirely made up of Humans; you may choose to be an Elf or Gnome undead if Human isn’t your style.

   4. Tauren: The noble and peaceful Taurens are natives to Kalimdor before the arrival of the Orcs. Seeing the Orc plight, the noble Tauren allied with the Orcs to protect themselves against the racist Humans. You may choose to be a High Mountain Tauren if you desire, though you must begin during the events of Legion.

   5. Goblins: Greed sums up the Goblin philosophy rather well. A Goblin would sell his own mother for a copper, and they care absolutely none for the environment, willing to destroy vasts swathes of forests and beaches for the minerals that they can sell or hoard. Even if you choose to align with the Goblins of Booty Bay, the Alliance will not be welcoming of your kind into their territories at all. If you choose Goblin you can start at the beginning of the events of Cataclysm or begin in a Goblin neutral town located throughout Azeroth.

   6. Blood Elf: The Blood Elves, or Sin’dorei, were once known as the High Elves, or Quel’dorei, before they were kicked out of Kalimdor by the Night Elves for refusing to stop practicing magic. They traveled to the northern tip of the Eastern Kingdoms and founded their first settlements in the frozen wastes they found there. Using their magic, they turned the frozen desolate land into a land of endless spring and created the Sunwell from a drop of water from the Well of Eternity. Using their magic, and an alliance with the humans, they were able to defeat the Atal’ai Troll Tribe. However, their power, wealth, and luxury came to an end when they were attacked by Prince Arthas, who tainted the Sunwell with necrotic magic to bring back the Necromancer Kel’thuzad. Their spirits broken and their race nearly destroyed, the Blood Elves became aware of their addiction and need for magic and so consumed crystals filled with Fel Magic to subsist off of until the Na’ru M’uru cleansed the Sunwell, though that won’t happen until the end of The Burning Crusade. Conceptually, there is no difference between the High Elves and Blood Elves so you can choose either one.

   7. Pandaren: A race of humanoid pandas. They are very chill and laid back. Their race created the martial arts class called Monks who specialize in weaponless combat. If you choose this race you can either start on Pandaria before the events of Mists of Pandaria or begin your adventure at the onset of MoP. Not all Pandaren have allied with the Horde; some joined the Alliance, and others remained Neutral permanently. You can choose.

   8. Nightborne: The Nightborne, or Shal’dorei, joined the Horde after Tyrande was a douche towards them. That’s pretty much the only reason. The Nightborne have been living under a magical dome since the time of the War of the Ancients, subsisting off the energies of the Nightwell. This altered their appearance, giving them dark blueish purple skin and glowing eyes. The Nightborne are experts at magic, possibly even surpassing the High Elves or Blood Elves themselves. If you choose to be a Nightborne you must begin during the events of Legion or the beginning of Battle for Azeroth.


Other Races


      1. Hybrid (200 CP Can Only Be Purchased Once): For 200 CP you can mix any one race of equal or lesser value than the race you initially purchased. For example; if you purchase a Titan Keeper you could mix it with any other race, but if you purchased an Ogre you could not mix it with a Titan Keeper. The value of the second race must be less than or equal to your initial race. (Hybrid’s must take any requirements their chosen races might have.)

      2. Ogre (100 CP): Ogres are large and often not very bright. They are very aggressive to others, even among one another, and are seldom accepted by either the Horde or Alliance. You might be able to find a safe haven among the Goblin settlements, but they are very likely to exploit your size and strength. Traits: (Optional) Two Headed - You have two heads who can think and act independently but are both controlled by you (This also increases your awareness and magic potential), Brute Strength - You receive a buff to your strength stat, Iron Stomach - You are able to eat just about anything without any side effects, Quick Healer - This reduces the effectiveness and duration of bleed effects used against you, Intimidating Shout - Shout loudly scaring those around you causing them to flee (Does not work on especially powerful or dangerous enemies). Classes You Cannot Choose: Hunter, Druid, Paladin, Priest, Demon Hunter, and Rogue.

      3. Naga (100 CP): The Naga were once Elves who were transformed by the Old God N’zoth so they would survive the sinking of their city due to the foolishness of Queen Azshara who desired power. The Naga are ruthless and wholly without mercy. They are an aquatic species of snake people who can travel just as well on land, though they prefer the water. The Naga are universally hated by all with absolutely no settlement or organization, save the Demon Hunters, willing to take one in. If you choose this race you may ally yourself with Illidan during the events of Burning Crusade or try to make it on your own on Azeroth.  Traits: Underwater Breathing - capable of breathing under water, Swift Swimmer - Capable of swimming incredibly fast, Dark Vision - Capable of seeing even in the absolute darkness of the oceans depths, Pressure Resistant - Capable of surviving the intense pressure of the deep ocean. Classes You Cannot Choose: Paladin, Druid, Monk, and Demon Hunter.

      4. Jinyu: Peaceful race of fish-like humanoids believed to be evolved forms of Murlocs. They live on Pandaria alongside the Pandaren, with whom they have been allies with for centuries. They are also, tentatively, allied with the Alliance. If you choose this race you must start during the Mists of Pandaria Era. Traits: Healing Water - Drinking water, or just soaking in water, now heals wounds. Visions of the River - You can now view distant objects by using any source of water by viewing the reflection on the surface. Swift Learners - You learn new things much faster than other races. Patient - You know how to be patient capable of meditating for what feels like minutes but was actually hours. Classes You Cannot Choose: Warlock, Death Knight, and Demon Hunter.

      5. Hozen: Wacky and zanny best sum up the Hozen. They are in it for a good ookin time and they don’t care about no dookin consequences. The Hozen are a race of hyper monkey people who aren’t very bright. They live in Pandaria and do not get along with the Jinyu all that much. Hozen will, tentatively, join the Horde in the future. If you choose this race you must start during the Mists of Pandaria Era. Traits: Ookin Swinger - You are skilled at swinging on vines, Good Dookin - You know how to throw a party like no other, What’s Yours is Mine - You are very good at pickpocketing and stealing things, Monkeys Luck - You receive a slight increase to your luck. Classes You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Death Knight, Priest, Paladin, and Shaman.

      6. Vrykul (100 CP): The ancient ancestors of the Humans. The Vrykul are a rather emotionless race. They can be best summed up as Norse Vikings. They value strength above anything else. They are neither hated nor loved by Horde or Alliance, so you could probably fanwank joining either faction. You must begin during the Wrath of the Lich King Era or any time after. Traits: Strong - Increase to the strength stat, Runic Master - Increase to both Enchanting and Inscription skills, Warborn - Increase to all melee weapon skills, Wings of the Valkryie - You are capable of leaping great distances and crashing down causing damage. Classes You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Druid, and Rogue.

      7. Nerubian (100 CP): Race of spider-like insectoids who live beneath the frozen wasteland of Northrend. Though they proved to be one of the greatest threats to the Scourge, in the end the Lich King killed nearly all of their people. Most Nerubians have the body of a spider with a torso that is somewhat humanoid in appearance. They are, somewhat, neutral between the Horde and Alliance in that neither seem to much care about the Nerubians. So, you could potentially fanwank joining either faction if you desire. They also have a history with the Old Gods, being part of the Black Empire before the Titans destroyed it. Taking this race you must begin during the events of Wrath of the Lich King or anytime after. Traits: Wall Crawler - You can now cling to and crawl up walls and ceilings, Web Spinner - You can launch a glob of sticky web at someone immobilizing them temporarily, Ancient Knowledge - Nerubians gain an increase in magical abilities, Silent but Deadly - You are capable of moving swiftly but quietly. Classes You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Shaman, Paladin, Warlock, Monk, and Druid.

      8. Nerubian Vizier (200 CP): The Viziers once served as advisors to the Spider Lords of Azjol-Nerub before their empire fell to the Lich King. They are tall spider-humanoid hybrids who are powerful sorceror’s and seers. The Nerubians once worshipped, and perhaps still do, the Old Gods eons ago. With their city over run with the undead Scourge they have turned to outsiders for help with reclaiming their ancestral home of Azjol-Nerub. Traits: Seer - You are more capable of seeing the ebb and flow of magic. Seeing what spells your enemies are charging to cast at you and knowing how to counter them. Web Spinner - You can launch a glob of sticky web at someone immobilizing them temporarily. Ancient Knowledge - You gain an increase in magical abilities. Wall Crawler - You can now cling to and crawl up walls and ceilings. Classes You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Death Knight, Warrior, Monk, Paladin, and Rogue.

      9. Nerubian Spider Lord (400 CP): You are a Spider Lord who was once responsible for the rule of Azjol’Nerub. Your body is less like a spider and more like a giant scarab beetle with scythes instead of arms and a large sharp horn on your head. Your size is very massive and you are protected by an outer layer of chitin as thick as plate armor. You lack the skill necessary to be a caster like the Vizier, but you more than make up for it with near endless stamina and strength. Traits: Strong - You are strong enough that you could toss a Tauren in full plate armor as if they were nothing but a stuffed doll. Burrowing - Using your two large scythe like arms you are able to dig and tunnel your way through the ground at alarming speeds. Spider Command - You can command lesser Nerubians as well as summon a small horde of spiders to attack your enemies. Natural Defenses - Your body is covered in a chitinous like armor that is as thick as plate. Classes You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Mage, Warlock, Priest, Druid, and Shaman. (For this Jump you will be restricted in the weapons you can wield, as you have no hands to wield them. CP purchased weapons will still work by transforming your scythe arms into whatever weapon you selected. If you hybridize and choose a form with hands you can choose to ignore this restriction depending on the form you choose to take.)

      10. Furbolg: A race of bear-like humanoids who are traditionally well linked to nature and have strong ties to the Night Elves. Traits: Claws - Unarmed damage increased, Nature(al) - All nature based abilities increased, Natural Defenses - Increase to defense, Natural Living - Increased skill in all crafting professions. Classes You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Paladin, Warlock, and Mage.

      11. Mogu (200 CP): The Mogu were created by the titanic keeper Ra to guard the remains of the Old God Y'Shaarj hidden away in Pandaria secure. They did this by becoming tyrannical and merciless dictators whose belief structure was “Might makes right”. They enslaved the races of Pandaria until the Pandaren rose up in revolt and dethroned them. Mogu are absolutely hated by the native races of Pandaria. You should also expect little welcome outside of Pandaria, as word of the Mogu has spread since the days of MoP. Choosing this race you must begin during the time of Mists of Pandaria. Traits: Strong - You are stronger than most other races, Durable - You body is made of sterner stuff, Gifted Mage - The Mogu were renowned for their magics, Fearsome Visage - You have a naturally intimidating aura. Classes You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Death Knight, Paladin, Shaman, Druid, and Monk.

      12. Saurok: The origins of the Saurok are a bit shrouded in mystery, though it is widely accepted that they were created by the Mogu. What we do know is that they are a race of lizard like beings who are almost as reviled as the Mogu. Choosing this race you must begin during MoP. Traits: Disease Resistant - You are naturally resistant to diseases / illnesses / curses, Natural Weapons - Your saliva is similar to a komodo dragon and filled with disease, Natural Defenses - Your skin is thick like leather and provides a bonus to defense, Swift - You are a swift mover increasing your movement speed. Class You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Mage, Warlock, Paladin, Priest, Druid, and Shaman.

      13. Mantid (200 CP): The Mantid are an offshoot of the Aqir, who were created by the Old Gods. They live on the Western side of Pandaria in the Dread Wastes. Normally the Mantid slumber for a century or so before waking up and swarming the land devouring everything in site. The Mantid have the appearance of a Preying Mantis with sharp and jagged carapaces capable of slicing through prey like a scythe. Though some of the Mantid have aligned with other races in the past, recent betrayals have largely made those neutral Mantid viewed with extreme suspicion. Choosing this race you must begin during MoP. Traits: Deadly - You have natural weapons protruding from your body that can be dangerous to others, Amber Prison - You can encase someone in amber temporarily stunning them while making them immune to damage, Delicious Amber - You can summon amber for others as food similar to a Mages Table, Wings - You have wings that allow you natural flight. Class You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Paladin, Warlock, Druid, and Shaman.

      14. Murloc: Mrrrglllrr mrglr mmmmrrrrrglrrrr. Mrrrgl mrgl rrrrrrrr. Traits: Underwater Breathing - Can breathe underwater, Sneaky - Murlocs are very sneaky and can hide literally anywhere, Summon the Horde - With a MRRRRGL you can summon 10 more Murlocs to fight at your side temporarily, Adorably Stunning - With a cute pout of your puppy dog eyes you can ‘awwww’ people into a state of situational unawareness. Class You Cannot Choose: Be whatever you want. For the LAWLS! (Must take the Mmmrrgggl Drawback, but you can keep the CP gain)

      15. Tortollan (100 CP): Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles! Oh, wait, wrong fandom. The Tortollan can be found in numerous places all around Azeroth. If you haven’t guessed it, the Tortollan are a race of humanoid turtle people. They tend to be pretty slow to the point of it be hazardous to their health, but very wise and caring. Most races tend to get along with the Tortollan, except for the evil ones, so you shouldn’t have a hard time joining the Horde or Alliance if you wanted. Traits: Shell of a Good Time - You can pull yourself into your shell and spin around in an AoE like damaging ability, Defended - Your defenses are greatly increased, Home is Where the Shell Is - You can use your shell to store more items, The Wise - Increases your mana regeneration. Class You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Warlock, and Death Knight.

      16. Ogron (400 CP): The Ogron are cruel barbaric giants native to Draenor. They are universally hated by most races, but I’m sure if you prove yourself to the Draenei they might take you in. If you pick this race, you must begin in Warlords of Draenor. Traits: Giant - You are really big and really strong, Dread Shout - Your shout causes nearly anything to run in fear, Armored - Some Ogron are seen to be growing horn like protrusions that make them a bit more defensible now so do you, Increased Two Handed Proficiency - You are more skilled with big heavy weapons. Class You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Mage, Death Knight, Warlock, Druid, Paladin, Rogue, and Priest.

      17. Fallen Arakkoa (100 CP): These Arakkoa were inflicted with a disease after being cast into Sethekk Hollow by their brethren. These Arakkoa have lost the ability to fly and live haunched and broken. They are, mostly, aggressive to any species not their own, but some have made alliances with the Horde and Alliance. If you pick this race you must begin in either Burning Crusade Era or Warlords of Draenor Era. Traits: Arcanely Gifted - Your magic damage is increased, Shrouded - You can turn invisible for 10 seconds, Raven Speech - You can talk to birds and get them to follow commands, Arcane Crafting - Your skill at enchanting is increased. Class You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Death Knight, Paladin, Shaman, Monk, and Hunter.

      18. High Arakkoa (200 CP): The Arakkoa, or Heirs of Arak, are an avionic species native to Draenor. Unlike their cast-out brethren, these Arakkoa can still fly. They are hostile to everyone and have little reputation among the other races. If you choose this race, you must start in WoD, as there are no more High Arakkoa in Outland. Traits: Winged - You can fly, Arcanely Gifted - Your magic damage is increased, Raven Speech - You can talk to birds and get them to follow commands, Arcane Crafting - Your skill at enchanting is increased. Class You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Druid, Shaman, Death Knight, Monk, Rogue, and Paladin.

      19. Sethrak (100 CP): The Sethrak are a newly-discovered race mimicking many Egyptian like cultures. They are a race of humanoid snake people who, unlike the Naga, have legs. They have hood like protrusions around their heads similar to a cobra, and not much is known about them other than their hate of the Zandalari. It is likely they might join the Alliance soon, so for now you can choose to either spend your time in Zandalar trying to survive or start during the events of BfA and join the Alliance. Traits: Venomous Bite - You can poison people by biting them with your snake like fangs, Stealthy - You are skilled at stealth, Mesmerizing - You can mesmerize people by looking them in the eye;  it lasts for as long as you maintain eye contact, Burrowing - You can burrow underground and wait to ambush those who pass by. Class You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Paladin, Warrior, Hunter, and Druid.

      20. Vulpera (100 CP): Race of nomadic fox people who are native to Zandalar. They hold an animosity towards the Sethrak, but seem to be on pretty good terms with the Zandalari. It is likely they might join the Horde soon, so for now you can choose to either spend your time in Zandalar trying to survive or start during the events of BfA and join the Horde. Traits: Stealthy - You are skilled at stealth, Climbing - You are skilled at climbing up trees and preparing an ambush, Canine Friends - You can easily communicate with animals of the canine variety convincing them to aid you, Trader - You can buy things for cheap and sell it high. Class You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Death Knight, Paladin, Warrior, Mage, and Warlock.

      21. Eredar (300 CP): The Eredar, Draenei before the Draenei abandoned the name Eredar, joined the Burning Legion willingly. They are so infused with fel energies they have grown larger and their colors differ drastically to the Draenei. They are also entirely reviled and hated by nearly every race of Azeroth. Traits: Fel Knowledge - You deal more fel damage in every attack, Demonic Summoning - You can summon more powerful demons and control them for longer, Demonic Knowledge - Your skill at enchanting has increased, Crystal Knowledge - Your skill at jewelcrafting has increased. Class You Cannot Choose: Death Knight, Demon Hunter, Paladin, Druid, Shaman, and Monk.

      22. Ethereal (300 CP): The Ethereal homeworld was destroyed an unknown time ago, and they have wandered in the Twisting Nether ever since, having abandoned their corporeal forms for a void-like energy form held together by enchanted wrappings. They have a similar political structure as the Goblins, with Merchant Princes and divided houses. Choosing this race, you will find it easier to enter either faction so long as you remain neutral. If you choose this race, you will begin your adventure during the Burning Crusade Era. Traits: Incorporeal - You have increased resistance to physical damage, Energies Unbound - Your mana and magical damage are increased, Merchant Prince - You bartering and trading skills have greatly improved, Enchanting Master - Your enchanting skills have greatly increased. Class You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Death Knight, Paladin, Druid, Shaman, and Monk.

      23. Pit Lord** (1000 CP): Pit Lords are high-ranking demons of the Burning Legion. They are cruel, malicious, and merciless to any and everything. Their appearance is what you would get if you took a giant mixed it with a centaur and added in a heavy dose of reptilian demon. Their blood can corrupt other species, turning them into mindless rage-fueled slaves. They are strong enough to toss most other species around like rag dolls, and even if you did manage to kill one, they explode violently upon death. Traits: Super Strength - Strong enough to toss a fully armored Tauren warrior like he weighed nothing, Tainted Blood - Those who ingest your blood become infused with rage and hate, being bound as mindless slaves to your will, Twisting Nether - Demons never die; when they do their souls go to the Twisting Nether until their bodies reform (You will only die if your body is killed within the Twisting Nether), Explosive Demise - If you do happen to be defeated and killed then you will explode with fel energies ,taking your enemies out with you if they aren’t quick enough to get away. Class You Cannot Choose: Warriors and Warlocks only. (Be aware that should someone trap your soul into a soul shard or crystal, it will count as a game over for you, and you will lose your Jump and be sent back Home. Must take the Drawback Hated for no CP gain.)

      24. Nathrezim** (1000 CP): Also known as Dread Lords. These Demons are responsible for a lot of the bad things going on in Azeroth. They usually show up in unsuspecting worlds to sow chaos and destruction leaving the forces of the world defenseless just before the Burning Legion invades. The Dread Lords are EXTREMELY hated by nearly any non-Burning Legion race, and even then you better watch your back. Traits: Twisting Nether - Demons never die; when they do their souls go to the twisting nether until their bodies reform. You will only ever die if destroyed within the twisting nether or a spell that specifically targets your soul is used, Dread Lord - Your presence insights fear into the hearts of others, Dark Whispers - You are insanely gifted at manipulating the minds of others, Possessor - You can possess the bodies of others so long as they are dramatically weaker than you are. Class You Cannot Choose: Death Knight, Paladin, Priest, Druid, Shaman, Monk, and Hunter. (Be aware that should someone trap your soul into a soul shard or crystal, it will count as a game over for you, and you will lose your Jump and be sent back Home. Must take the Drawback Hated for no CP gain.)

      25. Lightforged Nathrezim**(1000 CP): Only one Lightforged Nathrezim exists within the universe, but now there are two. You’re powers have been purified by the light transforming your demonic form into something else. Everything the Nathrezim are you are now the opposite of it. You are now capable of wielding the powers of the Holy Light without any ill effects. Traits: Twisting Nether - You still retain your connection to your demonic half and instead of dying like any other mortal, your soul returns to the Twisting Nether until your body has reformed. Lord of the Light - Your presence inspires hope and confidence into the hearts of others. Mental Healing - You are gifted at healing the minds of others. You can heal nearly any curse or mental control inflicted upon another, so long as your power is stronger than the one who cast the curse to begin with. Exorcist - Your ability to purge others of demonic influence is without peer. Class You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Death Knight, Rogue, and Warlock.

      26. Elemental** (1000 CP): You are now an elemental of your choice (Fire, wind, earth, and water). You are a living embodiment of your chosen element. You do not start off as the head honcho but as a weak generic Elemental (The reason the price is high will be explained in the Traits). You can start off in any area rich in your element or in the elemental realm of your element. Traits: Part of the Order - When killed you do not die, you instead go to the realm of your element where you are reformed and must wait to regain your strength. However, if you die within your plane, you die for good. You can also still be soul trapped or imprisoned. Fire Fire - You can control your chosen element like it was an extension of your body. Fly / Burrow - If you are not an Earth Elemental you can fly. If you are an Earth Elemental you can burrow into the ground and ‘swim’ through the earth. Immune - You are immune to any and all damage of your element, in fact attacks imbued with your element will heal you. Class You Cannot Choose: Death Knight, Rogue, Demon Hunter, Hunter, Warlock, Paladin, Priest, Monk, Druid, and Shaman. (For the duration of this Jump if you get trapped in a soul shard or imprisoned via a spell it counts as a loss. You must also take the Drawback Bound for no CP.)

      27. Red Dragon (500 CP): Created by the Titans as the protectors of Azeroth, the Red Dragons represent life and healing. You start off as a Drake, which is basically the Dragon version of a teenager, but for (+200 CP) you can start off as a fully grown Dragon similar in age to Kalecgos. However, for (-200 CP) You can start off as a Wyrmling, which is the equivalent of an 8-year-old human. The Dragons are viewed with suspicion but are accepted in most circles, though they are also hunted by many organizations seeking the destruction of Azeroth. Traits: Flight - You can fly, Dragon’s Breath - As a Red Dragon you can breath flames that burn enemies while healing allies and the land, Transformation - You can assume the form of any ONE species from this list (But that’s all it is, an appearance; you get none of their traits), Natural Healer - Your healing spells heal for far more than usual. Class You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Death Knight, Rogue, Warlock, and Druid. (Must take the Hunted Drawback, but you can keep the CP gained)

      28. Blue Dragon (500 CP): Created by the Titans as the protectors of Azeroth, the Blue Dragons represent magic and knowledge. You start off as a Drake, which is basically the Dragon version of a teenager, but for (+200 CP) you can start off as a fully grown Dragon similar in age to Kalecgos. However, for (-200 CP) you can start off as a Wyrmling which is the equivalent of an 8-year-old human. The Dragons are viewed with suspicion but are accepted in most circles, though they are also hunted by many organizations seeking the destruction of Azeroth. Traits: Flight - You can fly, Transformation - You can assume the form of any ONE species from this list (But that’s all it is, an appearance; you get none of their traits), Dragon's Breath - You can breath dragon fire that burns your enemies, but as a Blue Dragon, it can also freeze them, Natural Mage - Your mana is greatly increased as well as your magical damage. Class You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Shaman, Druid, and Warlock. (Must take the Hunted Drawback but you can keep the CP gained)

      29. Green Dragon (500 CP): Created by the Titans as the protectors of Azeroth, the Green Dragons represent nature and balance. You start off as a Drake, which is basically the Dragon version of a teenager, but for (+200 CP) you can start off as a fully grown Dragon similar in age to Kalecgos. However, for (-200 CP) you can start off as a Wyrmling, which is the equivalent of an 8-year-old human. The Dragons are viewed with suspicion but are accepted in most circles, though they are also hunted by many organizations seeking the destruction of Azeroth. Traits: Flight - You can fly, Transformation - You can assume the form of any ONE species from this list (But that’s all it is, an appearance; you get none of their traits), Dragon's Breath - You can breath dragon fire that burns your enemies, but as a Green Dragon you can spew out acid instead of flames, Natural at Nature - Your mana is greatly increased and you have a deep connection to nature, increasing all nature based attacks and skills. Class You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Paladin, Mage, Warlock, and Death Knight. (Must take the Hunted Drawback but you can keep the CP gained)

      30. Bronze Dragon** (500 CP): Created by the Titans as the protectors of Azeroth, the Bronze Dragons represent time and order. You start off as a Drake, which is basically the Dragon version of a teenager, but for (+200 CP) you can start off as a fully grown Dragon similar in age to Kalecgos. However, for (-200 CP) you can start off as a Wyrmling, which is the equivalent of an 8-year-old human. The Dragons are viewed with suspicion but are accepted in most circles, though they are also hunted by many organizations seeking the destruction of Azeroth. Traits: Flight - You can fly, Transformation - You can assume the form of any ONE species from this list (But that’s all it is, an appearance; you get none of their traits), Dragon's Breath - You can breath dragon fire that burns your enemies, but as a Bronze Dragon, it can also turn to sand, rending flesh from bone, Lord of Time - You can view moments several minutes into the future or the past. (Must take the Hunted Drawback, but you can keep the CP gained). Class You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Druid, and Shaman.

      31. Black Dragon (800 CP): Created by the Titans as the protectors of Azeroth, the Black Dragons represent power and protection (At least they were supposed to). You start off as a Drake, which is basically the Dragon version of a teenager, but for (+200 CP) you can start off as a fully grown Dragon similar in age to Kalecgos. However, for (-200 CP) you can start off as a Wyrmling which is the equivalent of an 8 year old human. The Dragons are viewed with suspicion but are accepted in most circles, though they are also hunted by many organizations seeking the destruction of Azeroth. Traits: Flight - You can fly, Transformation - You can assume the form of any ONE species from this list (But that’s all it is, an appearance; you get none of their traits), Dragon's Breath - As a Black Dragon, your flames burn so hot that very few things are capable of withstanding it, Powerhouse - You are greatly resistant to all forms of magic as well as physical damage. (Must take the Drawback The Whispers, but you can keep the CP you gain from it.) Class You Cannot Choose: Demon Hunter, Paladin, Priest, Druid, Shaman, and Monk.

      32. Jump Dragon** (1000 CP): This is your very own Dragon Flight designed specifically by you. Choose a color and an idea for your Dragon to represent and embody. Some restrictions apply; for one, you cannot choose an already existing Dragon species in WoW (so no Infinite Dragons, no Twilight Dragons, and no Netherdrakes), you also cannot choose to embody the exact traits of an existing Dragon Flight (so no magic and knowledge, but power and magic would work), you don’t have to choose a color per se but can choose something more etheric in nature like the Infinite Dragons, and finally you could choose to not be a typical Dragon like the rest of the flight but a Wyrm or a Cloud Serpent instead. If you do not desire to be a part of any Dragon Flight, even one of your own creation, you can instead take this race at a cost of 600 CP. You will gain all the traits of the race, but you can not take the perk Oh Captain, My Captain. Traits: Flight - You can fly, Transformation - You can assume the form of any ONE species from this list (But that’s all it is, an appearance, you get none of their traits), Dragon's Breath - ??? You can choose one of the breaths or make your own (It can not be more powerful than the Black Dragons breath), [Insert Trait Here] - Finally you may choose one other trait in the same vein as the previous dragons or even one of their traits (Again it cannot be more powerful than the Black Dragons). Class You Cannot Choose: The classes most opposed to the idea your Flight embodies can not be taken. Fanwank responsibly. (Gain the Perk Oh Captain, My Captain for free. Must take the Hunted Drawback but you can keep the CP gained)

      33. Na’ru** (1500 CP): The Na’ru are creatures of pure energy, specifically the Light, powerful enough to power a city sized ship and allow it to fly through the void of space for thousands of years. They are nearly indestructible, keyword being nearly as we’ve seen at least 3 Na’ru destroyed in WoW (That I’m aware of). They can also imbue other species with the Light turning them into Lightforged versions of their species. They are diametrically opposed to beings of Darkness and the Void. However, when they die they instead turn into beings of the Void until they are purified (usually in the form of some great sacrifice). If you choose this race you may either start in the city ship Exodar, Shattrath in Burning Crusade Era, or Legion Era with your own Army of the Light. Traits: Lightforged - Can turn others into Lightforged versions of their species increasing their power in Light based abilities and powers, Crystaline - You are made of a crystaline energy like substance that makes you nearly indestructible, Power of the Light - You can heal nearly any wound / disease / curse / even death, Parallels - When you die you are transformed into a void form that is the opposite of your original form. Class You Cannot Choose: You can not choose any class. (Gain Oh Captain, My Captain Perk for free. Must take the Hunted Drawback for no CP gain)

      34. Elemental Lord** (1500 CP): There are many elemental lords that exist on Azeroth, but only four Elemental Lords. You are now one of those four. Choose Wind, Earth, Fire, or Water and you will take the place of the chosen Elemental Lord. Being an Elemental Lord means you have absolute control over your chosen element. Seas will rage, volcanoes will explode, earth shall tremble, and hurricanes shall weave a path of destruction at your command. You have all the racials of a common Elemental. Traits: Elemental Creation - You have the power to create more Elementals of your element by splitting off a piece of your power. This will leave your temporarily weakened depending on how much power you split off. Elemental Control - You are able to take control over any elemental of your element to see and speak through their eyes. Size Control - You can grow as large as a several story building or as small as a human. Elemental Portal - You can open portals to your elemental plane summoning forth more elements under your control to fight alongside you. Class You Cannot Choose: You can not choose any class. (You must take the perk Hail to the King, or Queen, Baby and the Drawback Hunted, with Old Gods as your enemy, for no CP gain.)

      35. Titanic-Watcher/ Keeper (1000/1500 cp): The titanic-watchers, first of the titan-forged, their bodies were hand crafted by the Pantheon from the material surface of Azeroth before being brought to life by a great infusion of arcane and spirit. Designed to act as a medium between the Pantheon and Azeroth, flesh from one, mind and soul from the other. Traits -  All titanic-watchers are immensely powerful beings, expert craftsmen, and masterful warriors wielding magics and skills for the purpose of destroying the old gods, taming the elementals, and ordering worlds from chaos. You must choose whether you are of the stone crafted Vanir or the metal crafted Aesir. The Vanir are titan-forged watchers fashioned from stone with command over the powers of the earth and fire. The Aesir are titan-forged watchers fashioned from metal with command over the powers of storms, wind, and lightning.  While all titanic-watchers are already more skilled than even the greatest of mortals dare to dream, all titanic-watchers have specialties. You may choose Warrior or Mage as a class, and you choose one of the following specialties: 
Weaver of Dreams: You have the ability to design new spells from scratch if need be , but you have an intrinsic understanding of all forms of magic or spells you come across. While you might not have enough power to actually wield those forces you will absolutely understand them. But what good is knowledge if you can’t do anything with it? You laugh at such notions as you can always find a way to improve any magic, making any given spell, enchantment, or ritual more versatility, faster to cast, faster to recover, require less mana or resources, stronger, and increasing the duration; basically, any means by which a spell or enchantment could be improved is improved by double or half as appropriate.  But you do not simply cast spells, you craft magic itself, from arcane sources, wielding forces beyond compare, making new spells, enchantments, and rituals as needed. Even on the fly, with comparative capabilities of other magics within that area, your improvisational magic is inspired and artistic in the extreme allowing you to incorporate any kinds of themes for your magics or supernatural abilities. As you are wielding the raw craft of the arcane itself, your spells cannot be countered unless the counter would negate magic itself (a counter fireball or counter any fire magic spell would not work against your fireball, they would have to have a counter for any magic spell, anti-magic effect.) Your magic is more resilient and more easily bypasses defenses, your enchantments take on a life of their own as you are able to weave enchantments into intrinsic natures to create wonders of spell craft such as true alchemy creating new substances, pocket dimensions, magical terrains and sacred places on the order of mythals, legendary spells, and magical items akin to artifacts, and mythical charms. Your magical strength and reserves are increased by an order of magnitude , and this specialty implies to any kinds of magic or similar supernatural abilities you have such as divinity or psionics.
You May Choose: Druid
Enhanced: You can weave magic into intricate reality so as to define the laws and natures of the world it's in and create spaces, realms, and dimensions that overlap with each other. With enough arcane energy magic can even be used to create realities and dreams that are interchangeable making something real into a dream or something that was once a dream into real thereby granting you the ability to craft matter and dreams themselves. Creating something like the Emerald Dream, for the dreams of life and world, or even the shadowlands, for the souls of the dead, would be easy for someone like you, if not time consuming, It took Freya a few thousand years to complete the emerald dream, which still required regular maintenance, preservation, and protection. Not only are you able to create new realms, you can freely travel worlds and sub-planes such as the old planes of the dream or the emerald nightmare. You can build gates to other worlds and planes or simply travel there directly, you can enter the spaces between spaces or even make them yourself. You have an intrinsic understanding of your place in the world and where to find things, lost or known, physical, ephemeral, or even knowledge. You are never lost, can easily find your way home or through any maze or labyrinth uncover all its secrets like child's play. And if someone ever does try to trap or endanger you you may simply “step” back into one of the realms you’ve made from anywhere. You have also become a font, or well, and battery of Life and spirit able to wield not only arcane magics, but druidic and shamanic ones as well, imbuing it into your craft. Your spirit energy and life force will continue to grow, which can be enhanced by proper usage of your realms and enchantments.
You May Choose: Shaman
Forger of Giants: Your talents of craft extend to the direct creation and modification of living beings. You have the ability to craft life itself. While you cannot make life from nothing, you can harness any source of life or spirit to create a soul for a living being. Without a source you may still make complicated facsimiles of life similar to A.I. and or elementals.  You may forge, re-forge, temper, purify, and heal any kind of mind, spirit, body, or soul cleaning it of corruption, deterioration, disease, tarnish, blemish or error, strengthening it against harm or others interference. While you do have the ability to do the same to even yourself, it will take a great deal of time or power, as you were crafted by the titans themselves and already tempered to such an extent to be able to wage war against the corrupting and chaotic forces of the old gods and elementals. Your ability to craft and uplift bodies and souls allows you to create races up to a similar power and form as the Mogu, Tol'vir, Iron Vrykul, Earthen, and Giants. You have the ability to resurrect any being weaker than yourself into its original body or into a new body up to a form you could create, as long as a beings, mind, spirit, soul hasn’t been captured or restrained you can resurrect it freely, even if its essence is being restrained. You have the ability to transition between the realms of the living and the dead, attack incorporeal beings with physical matter and even if a soul is destroyed as long as you can find even a fragment of it or the being that destroyed it you can use the fragment or shatter the destroyers soul to re-forge the original soul, you may need a source of life or spirit to rebuild it as if creating a new soul from scratch.  
You May Choose: Priest
Enhanced: Given the same amount of time and effort you could create beings on par with the titanic-watchers themselves, elevate the proto-dragons into full dragons, or raise the dead as Val'kyr. But now given enough time those are not limitations to what you can create, given enough time to forge and craft you could create a being to rival anything, old god, naaru, dragon aspect there is no limit as long as you have the time to forge strengthen and imbue more energy or craft with better materials. The stronger and more skilled you grow the faster this process becomes. The life you create can be given extraordinary abilities to travel between the realms of the living and dead or the dream interacting with such realms with ease. You could craft intangible or incorporeal bodies, or forms made of living lighting. Even without access to spirit you could craft a soul from any of the primal forces creating an arcane soul or a soul of light, while they fundamentally work differently and some scholars may argue with you it is life. Anything you craft will be unfalteringly loyal to you,  obeying any order or command you have never trying to betray you. While this is happily and willingly desired by things you create from scratch or imbue with its first wil., the resurrected may only be begrudgingly held to this standard. This  specialty applies to anything you can create not just life. No sword you forged could ever harm you unless you wanted it to and if it was a living weapon it may even slice it own wielders throat if they tried to use it against you. You may put limitations on wielders like Odin did with Mjolnir. You are now a font of Light, you may wield and imbue light into all your magic and crafts, while not infinite or even at the level of a Na’ru the light in you will continue to grow and will eventually allow for true light forging.
You May Choose: Paladin
Shaper of Worlds: Your skills in the crafting of objects, buildings, and landscapes grants you the ability to forge artifacts and legendary equipment with ease, your crafting capabilities being an order of magnitude greater than they would have been without this focus. You have the ability to craft landscapes, you can easily shape mountains, valleys, rivers and seas to your liking in minutes enriching the earth and sky with magic to amplify and encourage or discourage the flourishing of life or specific species. Everything you build is a masterful work of art, both beautiful and functional beyond compare. The things you create being sturdier and nearly indestructible fighting off the weathering of time and the environment even without the use of magic, a painting you made could be lost in an acid swamp for millennia and barely need a light dusting and drying to make it presentable. You also have an intuitive sense of any crafts you come across instinctively knowing what it once was no matter how rundown it is, even a small shred of a few strands of a quilt would do, having visions of and knowing its full purpose, intent, and how it was used; you have the ability to understand the original creators design and how to improve it both functionally and artistically. Anything you restore qualifies as being crafted by you for the purposes of any effects you have, including your preservation skills and quality skills. Anything you are actively crafting, have crafted, or in charge of can be preserved by your will and an occasional thought, this being an active force protected against harm, decay and entropy. Only beings who directly intend to harm you or the things you have crafted or preserved can hope to damage them and even still such damage is lessened, and you will be able to restore such things later. You may repair and restore things to exactly as they were or an improved state up to your level of crafting; your powers of preservation and restoration can apply to non-crafted things that you watch over such as the environment, climate, weather, and  enchantments.
You May Choose: Hunter
Enhanced: You may now craft impossibilities into your lands, cut a mountain or raise a continent into the sky where it will stay, imbue the land with the ability to fight back and defend itself against invaders, build world machines and city forges to aid in the creation of anything you can imagine. Your crafts are as immortal and timeless as yourself, nearly impervious to outside forces. You can build temples to enhance the gather of worship and various types of energy, forge and craft mega structures like sky elevators and dyson spheres, even artificial suns and black holes are within your grasp as long as you have the materials and magics. The prisons you build could trap old gods, multidimensional beings, eldrazi, or the like forever this extends to the point of beings that aren’t just stronger than you but god like in their strength to you. You could build a tomb to imprison Sargeras till the end of time long after the heat death of the universe and your prison will still stand. Whatever you build will function as intended no matter how impractical the design is. This comes with the added ability of being able to force higher dimensional beings or entities from other realms into whatever realm you are crafting in. That ghost who can phase through solid objects can’t phase through your bricks, or fist, unless you allow it. This comes with more esoteric capabilities like building rivers out of fire, mountains out of smoke, a living tree out of  feathers and glass that is still capable of photosynthesis. Your alchemical capabilities are to the point you can not only transmute metals to stone, or vise versa, you could transmute things into organic materials of your liking or something between organic, inorganic, energy, and dreams. You are now a font, well, and battery of Arcane. Short of the titans themselves you are the strongest source of arcane energy. Arcane energy flows from you with ease allowing you to supply this power to whatever you like.
You May choose: Monk
While your abilities and skills are far more vast, varied, and greater than any other races, besides your makers, your power is not. You are stronger than any normal dragon, but the dragon aspects outclass you, it would take dozens of you to kill an elemental lord, and a small army of you may not succeed in defeating an old god let alone killing one. However, for an additional 500 cp you will be a Keeper, personally chosen out of the army of titanic-watchers, imbued with strength beyond compare. Your power is so great that many of the lesser races worship you as a god. Two Keepers working together could kill an elemental lord with relative ease, and a keeper with a small squadron of titanic-watchers could defeat and capture an old god. You may choose one of the following:  You gain a second specialization blending them so that both specialization’s traits apply to all aspects of the other specialization , or you may gain an unmatched level of combat experience removing the restrictions on your class - any class or profession you gain you become the paragon of that class outmatching anyone with that same class as you to the point of being able to hit one level above your weight/power class with ease – you can pick one extra class for free.  Either way the strength of all your specializations are doubled and you gain Enhanced capabilities with them. You will be a leader and a tactician capable of organizing thousands upon thousands of people with ease to accomplish specific goals such as war, combating poverty, or finding a cure for a disease. People will be more likely to help you than not, even if they have nothing in particular to gain. Any companions, followers, friends, organizations, and family you had before find their loyalty towards you increased. Things that are a direct benefit to you are guaranteed to have any organizations you control work their hardest to see you succeed.(If you become a keeper You must take the Whispers drawback for no added CP. You will be hated by all old gods, the burning legion, all elementals. You may be able to befriend some elementals, but never the greater elementals or lords from Azeroth. The elementals from other worlds such as outland have no such animosity. You will be inherently distrusted by but not hated by the Horde.)    
________________


  

Classes
This section is assuming you have at least some understanding or knowledge of World of Warcraft in its current form. You may choose only one class and it must align with the race you have chosen. You may choose one class for free. You receive one specialization for free and you may buy additional specializations for 100 CP each, but only those listed for your class. Even if you don’t buy all specializations you will get the general powers of the class you have chosen (ie. Mages will get the Mana Table spell if they are a Frost Mage but not Pyroblast). Though based on a video game I have no intention of limiting you to a specific weapon. If you are a mage who wants to wield a two handed axe then go for it. If you are not experienced in WoW I strongly urge you to do a little research on the classes and how they work in your free time. If you want to learn more about the classes of World of Warcraft you can go here to get a better idea of what to expect: https://worldofwarcraft.com/en-us/game/classes . See the notes section about classes marked with ** next to them for more information about certain spells and abilities and how they work in future Jumps.


         1. Death Knight**: Former Lieutenants of the Lich King. They were betrayed by Arthas at the Battle for Lights Hope and subsequently freed from his control by Tirion Fordring. The Death Knights of Acherus Hold created the Ebon Blade to combat the Lich King whom they hated for the atrocities they were forced to commit against their will in his name.
        Blood (100 CP): Your spells and abilities revolve around absorbing the blood and suffering of your enemies to heal yourself. You are capable of withstanding, absorbing, or healing great amounts of damage.  
        Frost (100 CP): You are as unstoppable as death. Your spells and abilities imbue you with the power of the chill of death. You use your powers over the cold to freeze the blood of your enemies rooting them in place or imbuing your own body with ice to mitigate damage.
        Unholy (100 CP): Unholy Death Knights are capable of raising armies of the dead and summoning other undead abominations and binding them to their will. They spread death and plague among their enemies that burn through their bodies like a fire.

         2. Demon Hunter: The Demon Hunters were created by Illidan Stormrage, The Betrayer, as such only Elves can be a Demon Hunter (Unless otherwise stated). They are created through a ritual of devouring the hearts of Fel Hunters and other demonic creatures. This grants them power to see the true form of a Demon no matter the form they take. They are also capable of Metamorphosis turning them into powerful Demon-Elven hybrids temporarily boosting their powers greatly.
        Vengeance (100 CP): Vengeance Demon Hunters draw attention in combat to themselves to protect their allies. As such most of their abilities are tuned around mitigating damage and protecting others and their metamorphosis form reflects this by turning them into wingless brutes capable of absorbing great amounts of damage.
        Havoc (100 CP): Havoc Demon Hunters are masters of warglaives and the powers of fel magic. They attack swiftly often dashing in and around an opponent quickly not giving them time to even blink. Their metamorphosis reflects this by being more lean with large wings to attack from every direction.

         3. Druid**: Druids are masters of nature and healing. They are capable of shapeshifting into multiple animal forms for different styles of combat. Unlike other classes who only receive three specializations, the Druid can choose between four.
        Balance (100 CP): A Balance Druid can shapeshift into a Moonkin form that allows to cast astral spells such as Fury of Elune or Stellar Flare.
        Guardian (100 CP): Taken on the form of a large bear the druid becomes the protector of the forest and their allies. They have a plethora of self healing abilities as well as spells to strengthen their durability.
        Feral (100 CP): The Druid takes on the form of a large cat. This form focuses on targeting areas of your opponent to make them bleed the most causing them to die quickly of blood loss.
        Restoration (100 CP): Restoration Druids channel powerful nature spells to heal and support others.

         4. Hunter: Hunters are… well Hunters. They have spells and abilities best suited to tracking down prey and taming wild beasts. They are excellent marksman and survivalists.
        Beastmaster (100 CP): A master of the wild capable of taming nearly any animal or beast they come across. Unlike the other two specializations the Beastmaster is capable of taming truly spectacular and one of a kind beasts.
        Marksmanship (100 CP): A master sharpshooter. They can take down enemies from yards away.
        Survivalist (100 CP): Forgoing ranged weapons the Survivalist hunters prefers explosives and traps while fighting alongside his beast companion.

         5. Mage**: Masters of Arcane, Frost, and Fire. Mages are capable of teleporting around the world to teleporting around a battlefield. Though not very durable they can deal out explosive damage.
        Arcane (100 CP): Arcane Mages use arcane energies to destroy their enemies with overwhelming power.
        Fire (100 CP): Fire Mages should be pretty self explanatory. Burn baby burn!
        Frost (100 CP): Frost mages are masters at controlling a battle often freezing targets to the ground to give themselves distance or summoning an ice elemental to do their bidding.

         6. Monk**: Born in ancient Pandaria the Monks forego weapons in favor if knuckle sandwiches. They’re basically Bruce Lee with magic.
        Brewmaster (100 CP): The Brewmaster is a tank oriented class who uses his different brews of beer to keep his body going. It’s never stated explicitly where this alcohol comes from but it assumed to be some kind of almost alchemical substance that can only be brewed by Monks.
        Windwalker (100 CP): This spec focuses on your fists of fury. Lightning fast punches and kicks in a combat fashion to dazzle and amaze.
        Mistweaver (100 CP): Monks who specialize in manipulating life energies to heal others.

         7. Paladin: Paladins are called and charged with protecting the weak and innocent as well as bringing justice to the unjust. They will not rest until they have vanquished all evil from this world.
        Holy (100 CP): Holy Paladins use the Light to heal their wounded allies while vanquishing evil.
        Protection (100 CP): Protection Paladins use Holy Magic, mace, and board to defend and inspire their allies. Capable of shielding themselves and transferring damage meant for others onto themselves. If you like Captain America this is the spec for you.
        Retribution (100 CP): Retribution Paladins are righteous crusaders bringing retribution to all evil entities.

         8. Priest: Do not let their names deceive you for a Priest is more than holy piety and healing. Beneath the surface lurks a void and darkness capable of driving others insane.
        Holy (100 CP): A versatile healer who can reverse damage and even heal from beyond the grave.
        Discipline (100 CP): This spec is more focused on preventing damage than healing it. It focuses on casting shields on your allies while using holy spells that both damage your enemies and heal allies.
        Shadow (100 CP): The whispers OH GOD THE WHISPERS! Shadow priests use sinister shadow and void magic to damage their enemies and spread insanity.

         9. Rogue: The Class everyone hates, for good reason (Don’t be a ninja looter). Rogues are capable of invisibility and stealthily assassinating their targets. Or just spamming sap on people over and over and ganking low levels in starting zones as well as quest givers just because most rogues like being douches.
        Outlaw (100 CP): The Han Solo’s of WoW the Outlaws rely on luck and charm to win the day.
        Assassination (100 CP): Masters of poisons and death dealing. Just when you think you’ve killed a Rogue you die because you forget about the 50 different poisons he inflicted upon you.
        Subtlety (100 CP): These Rogues are the masters of Stealth and subterfuge. They’ll stab you in the back, or front, and vanish before you can even realize what’s going on.

         10. Shaman**: Earth, Wind, Water, and Fire HEED MY CALL! Shamans are capable of summoning and binding Elementals to their will. While also manipulating the elements to cause damage to their enemies or heal their allies.
        Elemental (100 CP): Elementals harness the destructive nature of the elements in the form of ranged spells like lightning bolts, magma, and earthquakes.
        Enhancement (100 CP): This Shaman relies on their totems and elementally imbued weapons to deal massive melee damage to their enemies.
        Restoration (100 CP): Using ancestral spirits and the healing power of PURE WATA these Shaman’s heal their allies and perform well in large groups.

         11. Warlock**: Warlocks are Mages who gave up their access to the arcane for fel magic. Usually one gives up their access to arcane because they themselves were not powerful in arcane magic or because arcane magic wasn’t powerful enough for their desire. Warlocks summon demons and destructive fel magics to destroy their enemies.
        Demonology (100 CP): Do you like Imps? If so this spec is for you. Endless swarms of imp after imp after imp. Purchase now and I’ll even throw in two felguards mounted with, you guessed it, imps! But that’s not all, oh no sir. For the low low price of your soul I’ll even throw in some of the most powerful demon summoning you can imagine! Oh boy! Now you can finally have a friend to shoot hoops with! Enjoy!
        Affliction (100 CP): More DOTS! You are the DOT (Damage Over Time) master. Capable of running through a forest DOT’ing the ever loving &%^* out of everything inside and coming out without a scratch.
        Destruction (100 CP): Basically a Mage, but not as good. Most of your spells have been traded out for damage based spells that sometimes hit hard and sometimes don’t, who knows. But hey, at least you can rain fire on the heads of your enemies.

         12. Warrior: WARGH! Errr… Wrong franchise. As a Warrior you are a masochist for pain. Pain is joy, pain is life, pain is damage. The more pain you are in the more damage you deal. So just lose yourself to that sweet sweet pain and enjoy duel wielding two handed weapons twice the size of your body as if they were made of foam.
        Arms (100 CP): What? Two huge weapons too intimidating for you? Fine you can take just the one. Arms warriors focus on reducing the healing their opponents can receive while also reducing their armor and damage mitigation.
        Fury (100 CP): Ours is the Fury! Wielding two two handed weapons simultaneously the Fury warrior is an intimidating sight to behold, so long as it’s not PvP then you can laugh. Fury Warriors focus on going absolute ham on their enemies dealing blow after relentless blow. Pain and damage only seem to serve to heal them.
        Protection (100 CP): The OG Tank. It’s a Warrior with sword and shield, do I really need to explain more?






  



Perks


All perks are full priced unless specifically discounted. Discounts can include Race or Class and will be marked next to the Perk in question. All discounts are 50% off there are no freebies unless otherwise specifically stated. If a perk is marked discounted for Tauren this includes all Tauren subspecies such as Highmountain and Taunka. This also applies to all subspecies of a race. Also most classes in the game use Spells. Spells aren’t just used by Spellcasters but are often used by even Death Knights, Demon Hunters, and Monks. Purchasing a Perk that grants you a bonus to your spells is still pretty useful for most classes. Dragons capable of taking on an alternate appearance do not receive discounts based on their alternate appearance. They can, however, purchase Oh Captain, My Captain and Hail to the King, or Queen, Baby for their alternate appearance. Hybrids gain the discounts of both their origins.


            1. Roll Out (Free): You are capable of summoning a mount to your side by focusing on the image of the mount for 1 uninterrupted second. Works on animals or vehicles. Does not work on spacecraft. For an additional - 200 CP you can use this ability to summon small spacecrafts that you own that are no larger than a ship capable of holding eight.

            2. Operator (Free): If you choose to take this red pill you will journey down the rabbit hole. You will receive the necessary memories and general knowledge to blend in seamlessly with your chosen race. Whether or not you choose to actually play along is up to you. This perk only gives you enough knowledge to not be an oddball among your race, it does not give you secret or hidden knowledge.

            3. Elven Nature (100 CP Free Elves and Dragons): You are naturally graceful and long lived. The average lifespan of the Elves and Dragons is measured in Millennia and now yours is too.

            4. Addictol (100 CP Free Blood Elves): You cannot become addicted to any chemical, substance, or activity.

            5. Orcish Rage (100 CP Free Orcs): You are capable of channeling your anger, rage, and fury to make yourself faster and stronger all  while also ignoring the pain from damage you take.

            6. Peace of the Tauren (100 CP Free Tauren): You are a very patient person. Capable of dealing with the most absurd individuals while still maintaining your calm. This ability also  applies to any strength based capabilities you might have. With this perk, you will no longer need to worry about breaking fine china because you don’t know how to control your strength. 

            7. Political Human (100 CP Free Human): You are a natural at politics. Knowing just how to apply your charms to get what you want and get away with what you want. This does not guarantee you can charm the pants off the local Innkeep’s daughter, but it will give you a boost.

            8. Forsaken Values (100 CP Free Undead): You can turn your emotions on or off at will. So when the Banshee Queen orders you to burn down a tree city filled with innocent civilians, women, and children you have no problems obeying.

            9. Calming Light (100 CP Free Na’ru): You project a nature of calm serenity that is infectious. Sometimes your mere presence is all it takes to calm fights or arguments.

            10. Dread Presence (100 CP Free Demons and Ogron): Your mere presence instills fear into the hearts of your enemies. Enemies are more likely to flee when they begin to lose an engagement. This perk is toggleable.

            11. Ritualistic (100 CP Free Trolls): You are much more skilled at elaborate rituals. You often find that if a ritual calls for the blood of 10 virgins, you can get away with just 5. This only applies to magic such as Enchanting or Inscription, not to anything scientific in nature. So you’ll still need those two batteries for your rock’em sock’em robots.

            12. Tinkerer (100 CP Free Gnomes): You are gifted at mixing technology and magic. You can make a helmet that shrinks the world! Or maybe it just makes you really really big. It’s the magic of science! You are also capable of creating the car-sized piloted mechs (Like Mekkatorques), robots, and auto turrets.

            13. Big Bada-Boom (100 CP Free Goblins): You may not make the prettiest of engineering gizmos, but boy do you know how to make them go BOOM! You can make big bombs or little bombs or big bombs IN little bombs capable of taking out an entire skyscraper. You are an expert at bomb crafting, able to make bombs the size of a marble that would make even Deathwing flinch. This also extends to defusing bombs if, for some reason, you don’t want a boom, but that’s just crazy talk.

            14. Dwarven Crafting (100 CP Free Dwarves): No matter the fantasy fiction one thing always remains true. Dwarves are master craftsmen and can imbue their works with beautiful art and craftsmanship. Now, so can you. Capable of crafting weapons and armor that are pure works of art but incredibly lethal and durable.

            15. Buy Buy Buy! (100 CP Free Goblins and Ethereal): You know what the people want and how to sell it to them. Any business you own will find an increase in their profits or their ability to gather resources. Who cares about pesky things like the environment? It’ll heal on its own eventually. You might be surprised that your previous businesses are raking in way more money or producing way more product. What your not seeing is the huge damage they are dealing to the environment or if they are scamming people out of their money for cheap products. Other perks you have from other Jumps may cancel this side effect.

            16. Multiclass (100 CP): What’s that? You want to be a Rogue Warrior hybrid? Okay sure thing. With this perk you may pick one other class and fanwank it into your existing class as you please. You gain the benefits of both classes along with their discounted perks. You may choose as many of their specializations as you can afford. Fanwank responsibly. Each subsequent purchase of Multiclass doubles the cost of this perk from 100 to 200 then 400 and etc.

            17. Titanforged (200 CP Discount Human, Gnome, Dwarf, and Vrykul): Your body now takes on the form of your Titanforged ancestors before they became corrupted by the Curse of Flesh. This body can be made of solid stone, crystal, metal, or even mechanical clockwork constructs like Mimiron. 

            18. Become the Beast (200 CP Free Druid / Discount Hunter): You find that you can take to the forms of animals with ease. Used to walking on two legs? Now you’re a pro at walking with four. Not used to following scents? Now you’re a pro. Essentially this makes you more attuned to your animal side. This also affects those without shapeshifting abilities, granting them enhanced sense of smell, hearing, and sight.

            19. Flight of the Valkyrie (200 CP Discount Vrykul / Requires Female Vyrkul): You are now an Undead Valkyrie capable of bringing back the dead or ferrying their Souls into the afterlife. This also gives you the ability to fly. You keep all the racials of a Vyrkul but you cannot choose to be a Paladin, Shaman, or Druid.

            20. You Have the Powa! (200 CP Free Warriors / Discount Paladins and Death Knight): You are now strong enough to dual wield massive melee weapons that are more than twice your height as if they weighed nothing. Not only that, you are capable of wielding them with a skilled ease that would make Samurai jealous.

            21. Surprise Mothafucka (200 CP Free Subtlety Rogue / Discount Feral Druid): Holy crap are you sneaky. Like seriously you could be standing right in front of someone and they wouldn’t even notice unless you bumped into them. This does not protect you against cameras or magical scrying, but bodyguards are basically useless against you.

            22. Standing in Fire (200 CP): You resist AoE damage better than any other. AoE spells and effects are reduced in impact and damage upon you by 50%. This also includes explosives and explosions.

            23. Professions (200 CP First purchase is free and second is discounted): Enchanting, Inscription, Alchemy, Blacksmithing, Engineering, Leatherworking, Tailoring, and Jewelcrafting. Your first purchase is half off and starts you off at an apprentice level. For an additional 50 CP you start off at a Journeyman level with all blueprints of that level and lower. For another 50 CP you will jump up to Expert with all blueprints of that level and lower. For a final purchase of 50 CP you will be an Artisan (the highest level in the game before this system was removed) with all blueprints for your profession(s) that exist within the game. Go here for more information https://wow.gamepedia.com/Profession .

            24. The Dark Crystal (200 CP Discount Draenei): Draenei use crystals that are, possibly, native to their homeworld for almost all aspects of their daily lives. Even their technology, magic, and homes are made of these crystals. Certain Artificers are capable of ‘Programming’ these crystals to do certain things ranging from protecting an entire city in a shield or powering magitek spaceships that can travel the void of space. You now have their knowledge of these ancient arts and are capable of incorporating this magitek into your own technology or magic.

            25. You’re a Wizard Jumper! (300 CP Discount Mage): You are a gifted spell caster. Your spells cost 50% less to cast and you often find creative ways to combine spells to create similar effects as Frostfire.

            26. Earth, Wind, Water, Air Heed My Call! (300 CP Free Shaman): You are capable of summoning elemental spirits to aid you in combat. If you are a Shaman you are capable of summoning Wind and Water Elementals as well as Earth and Fire. Not only that but your elemental summons are far stronger than the average Elemental, dealing twice the damage of a normal Shaman’s Elemental. Water Elementals will aid you in healing and protecting your allies while Wind Elementals will aid you in traveling or attacking swiftly. If you are not a Shaman you get only the basic Elemental spells to summon a Fire and Earth Elemental.

            27. Master Tamer (300 CP Discount Hunter): If you are a hunter you are now capable of taming not only beasts you find in the wild but more exotic creatures like elemental hybrids of animals or even demonic hybrid animals. This does not allow you to tame something sapient as a Human. For those not a Hunter this allows you to tame any non-exotic animal in the wild such as tigers, wolves, owls, eagles, and snakes, but not truly exotic things like a two-headed dog the size of a truck.

            28. Necromancy (300 CP Discount Death Knight): Necromancy is a part of the world, but unfortunately Necromancers are not yet a playable class in the game. With this you get a basic skill set of a Diablo style Necromancer. For Death Knights this increases the number of Undead you are capable of summoning as well as the variety along with the skills of a Diablo style Necromancer. You’ll probably want to keep your new skills a secret because most races do not like Necromancers.

            29. Inspirational Sight (300 CP Discount Priest and Paladin): Your mere presence inspires others. Those who have lost all hope in a cause will find themselves reinvigorated in your presence. Those who spend time around you will become more and more loyal to you as time passes.

            30. Unlimited Powa! (400 CP Discount Warlock): You have overwhelming power. Your spells deal 50% more damage while their costs remain the same.

            31. Ain’t Nobody Got Time For That (400 CP Discount Mage): You no longer need a wand, staff, gesture, or words to cast a spell. Merely thinking of the spell you wish to cast is enough to do so. This does not remove the need for reagents or other materials that are mandatory for a certain spell. 

            32. Runeforging (400 CP Free Death Knight and Discount Vyrkul): Runeforging is the art of imbuing your weapons with runes that grant said weapon additional abilities or strengthening your own abilities. Though the game only lists 4 abilities with this you can fanwank responsibly to add additional runeforge abilities of your own. Purchasing this perk also allows you to imbue a weapon with both an Enchant as well as a Runeforging.

            33. I’ve Sacrificed Everything… (600 CP Discount Demon Hunter): You are capable of imbuing yourself with the racial abilities of others. How? By eating them. Cannibalism, yay! Oh, you don’t want to eat them? *sigh* Fine… You are now able to use rituals to infuse yourself with racial abilities of other species. This only works once per person of that species used, for example killing and using a Na’ru might give you one of their racials but using the corpse of that same Na’ru again you will gain nothing. This is completely random and you can’t choose exactly what you want. You can increase the odds of getting what you want by using a specific part of their body in the ritual. So, if you wanted increased intelligence you would use their brain or if you wanted some type of vision ability you would use their eyes. This can NOT be used to keep stacking stats by eati*ahem* ritualising humans and becomes useless once you have all the racial abilities of a specific race when used on that race again.

            34. Oh Captain, My Captain (600 CP Free Jump Dragon / Na’ru. Can Only Be Purchased ONCE.): Congratulations on your promotion! You are now, or will be, the leader of your class’s Order Hall! Alternatively, if you have chosen Jump Dragon or Na’ru, you become the leader of your own faction of Dragons or Army of the Light! If you choose to pick a Class Order Hall then choose the Order Hall associated with your class. This order hall, and all its members, will follow you into future Jumps, appearing wherever you desire and completely loyal to you. The members of your Order are considered followers unless you choose to make them companions. Order Halls will retain any changes you make to them between Jumps as well as any training to the followers within. This Perk can only be purchased ONCE. Taking this Perk requires you to remain on Azeroth until the Legion is defeated in the Legion Expac.  Order Halls are:

Acherus: The Ebon Hold (Death Knight) -    https://wow.gamepedia.com/Acherus:_The_Ebon_Hold Once a Scourge Necropolis this floating Citadel emanates a deathly chill in its surroundings. The Death Knights of Acherus rebelled against the Lich King after his betrayal at Lights Hope Chapel securing Acherus as their own. Filled with Death Knights of every specialization Acherus also holds forges for their necrotic weapons and rune forging abilities. In future Jumps this citadel will follow you appearing wherever you desire. Your Death Gate ability will take you to Acherus or return you to your last location from Acherus. In the event you choose not to import Acherus into a setting Death Gate will take you to any property you own and back to where your previous location so long as it is used within that property.

The Fel Hammer (Demon Hunter) - ( https://wow.gamepedia.com/Fel_Hammer ) This is a former Burning Legion spacecraft captured by the Demon Hunters and their allies. There is a portal on one of the floating isles of Dalaran that leads to this ship. The ship sits within the Twisting Nether because it lacks the necessary power, from souls, to travel like the rest of the Legion’s ships. The Demon Hunters have allied with factions of the Broken and Naga who are also aboard the ship. The ship orbits a broken shard of an unknown world now called Mardum, the Shattered Abyss. In future Jumps this can be placed anywhere within the galaxy.

Dreamgrove (Druid) - ( https://wow.gamepedia.com/Dreamgrove ) The headquarters of the Cenarion Circle located in Val’sharah with portals that lead into the Emerald Dream. The Druids of the Cenarion Circle have taken on the responsibility of protecting nature and the world of Azeroth. As such they are allied to the Dryads and Children of Cenarius. The Dreamgrove contains portals that lead into the Emerald Dream, the building block of all life on Azeroth. In future worlds the Dreamgrove will connect to similar systems of a single planet and the portals within the Emerald Dream will change to points of interest that you can choose only once before they become permanent.

Netherlight Temple (Priest) - ( https://wow.gamepedia.com/Netherlight_Temple ) Netherlight was originally built to contain a Void God for the Draenei to study and has remained hidden from the Burning Legion for ages, but it will be discovered during the events of Legion. It is assumed that Netherlight Temple is a Draenei ship that has been hidden away from the Legion. After this Jump Netherlight Temple will appear somewhere in the galaxy hidden away from any other organization or race within the galaxy and you will be able to create portals to and from the Temple at will. For those wondering, yes you will get to keep the Na’ru if you managed to purify the Void God.

Dreadscar Rift (Warlock) - ( https://wow.gamepedia.com/Dreadscar_Rift ) A world that was conquered, and subsequently destroyed, by the Burning Legion. The Black Harvest has conquered this expanse of floating islands that rest within the Twisting Nether as their own to perform their dark rituals in peace. Having witnessed the might of the Black Harvest many demons have abandoned their cause with the Burning Legion and have sworn fealty to the Warlocks Netherlord. In future Jumps the Dreadscar Rift will appear anywhere in the galaxy you desire. You can create gates to this world at will that will be protected by your demon and warlock followers. Be warned though, these gates are permanent unless you can destroy them and only one can be active at a time.

Heart of Azeroth (Shaman) - https://wow.gamepedia.com/Heart_of_Azeroth_(Class_Hall)  An island located almost on top of the Maelstrom containing the Shaman order the Earthern Ring. This is a large jagged mountain like island hollowed out and housing Shamans of multiple races and even elementals. In future Jumps this island can be placed anywhere you please so long as it remains an island surrounded on all sides by the ocean. The island will project thunderstorms and mists to ward off intruders and water elementals will ensure the island remains secure. Anything beyond that will be up to you to defend against. You will be able to create a portal at any time to the island and back to the location you just left.

Sanctum of Light (Paladin) - ( https://wow.gamepedia.com/Sanctum_of_Light ) Hidden beneath the chapel within Lights Hope, this sanctuary is home to the Silver Hand, an Order of Paladins dedicated to protecting the weak. The Sanctum is also used to intomb the remains of great and revered Paladins. In future Jumps Lights Hope will appear anywhere on the world you wish. It will seem to be nothing more than a house of worship whose devotees have taken to defend their sanctum with walls and towers. Beneath the Chapel, however, lies the Order of the Silver Hand waiting to smite evil wherever it may be.

Temple of Five Dawns (Monk) - https://wow.gamepedia.com/Temple_of_Five_Dawns A monastery located on a mountain that is located on the back of a giant turtle. This island is also home to the Pandaren who have chosen to side with the Alliance or Horde, though they’ve all moved on now. In future Jumps you can import this Temple, turtle and all, into any location on the world so long as it is within the ocean. You will also need to see to the well being of the turtle because if it dies your temple will sink. You will be able to create temporary portals to and from your island or maybe convince the turtle to swim to a specific location.

The Hall of Shadows (Rogue) - ( https://wow.gamepedia.com/Hall_of_Shadows ) Located in a secret passage in the underbelly of Dalaran this den for thieves is the Order Hall for the Uncrowned. Thieves, Assassins, and spies can all be found here as well as alchemist who make the finest of poisons. This Order Hall also comes with a medium sized vault filled with treasure. In future Jumps this Order Hall can be located beneath any Major City you desire with multiple secret passages hidden throughout the city.

Hall of the Guardian (Mage) -  https://wow.gamepedia.com/Hall_of_the_Guardian  A large Mage Tower within the heart of Dalaran. Filled with the brightest Mages of every race as well as arcane elementals, ice elementals, and enchanted magical constructs. This tower is excellent for teaching new generations the Arcane Arts. In future Jumps both the Hall of the Guardian and Dalaran itself will appear wherever you wish on the planet you are on. Dalaran comes with its own set of defenders who will only defend the island city itself and cannot be compelled to leave. Otherwise you are seen as the de facto ruler of Dalaran. The multiple portals found within Dalaran and the Hall of the Guardian can be upgraded to reflect any major city found on the planet, but be warned these portals are two ways. Dalaran also comes with an Arcane shield that can provide some protection against threats, usually of a magical nature.

Trueshot Lodge (Hunter) - ( https://wow.gamepedia.com/Trueshot_Lodge ) Located on the side of a mountain within Highmountain this Lodge is home to the Unseen Path, a group of Hunters. It is capable of housing and feeding a wide variety of animal species as well as seeing to their care. The Lodge is very isolated and difficult for the untrained to find. The mountain it rests on is covered in traps and early warning signals for potential invaders. The mountain is also home to some unique species that are native to Highmountain that will follow you to future worlds. The Trueshot Lodge, and the mountain itself, will follow you to future Jumps, and you will be able to choose its location.

Skyhold (Warrior) - ( https://wow.gamepedia.com/Skyhold ) Located in High Hold and ruled over by Odin within the Halls of Valor this Class Order Hall is a pocket dimension. Odin is not capable of leaving the halls, but he’s a fine drinking companion with stories to tell. Or maybe he could train you if you would like. Odin has given over command to his Valarjar and Val’kyr. The Val’kyr will periodically brings the souls of the worthy dead to be reborn as Valarjar who can fight at your command. After this Jump Skyhold will expand to include all of High Hold and the Val’kyr will begin bringing in races from all over the world to join the Valarjar. You can enter Skyhold by focusing on a giant leap into the sky. To exit, you have to jump back down.

Aspect of the Dragon Flight (Depends on your chosen Dragon Flight) - If you are a Dragon you can take this option to become the leader of your, already existing, Dragon Flight. Your locations and Flight will be based on the Color you chose above. Blue Dragons will receive Coldarra and the Nexus. Coldarra is a tall mountain on an island off the North West coast of Borean Tundra that is always cold and always winter, the Nexus is located on the mesa of this mountain. The Nexus will connect to the leylines of any world you are on and if there are no leylines then it will generate several in the world if you so desire. Red Dragons live within Wyrmrest Temple in Northrend the temple has portals to pocket dimensions that contain their clutches but also the clutches of other Dragon Flights. After this Jump those pocket dimensions not used by the Reds will be available to use for anything you wish. Green Dragons live within the Emerald Dream. You will have to contend with the Emerald Nightmare during your stay on Azeroth, but after the Jump you will carry with you a medium sized pocket of the Emerald Dream a land that looks like it’s straight out of a Disney movie. Bronze Dragons live within the Caverns of Time. During your time on Azeroth you will have to deal with the Infinite Dragon Flight to maintain the time stream. After this Jump the Caverns of Time will follow you their walls displaying past events and often opening passageways into major events in that Jumps timeline, though this is not guaranteed and it only opens Timeways into Major civilisation altering events. Black Dragons, for the most part, call Blackrock Mountain their home. The Black Dragons live within the molten halls of the former home of the Dark Iron Dwarves. Though during this Jump you will only have a portion of the mountain as yours in future Jumps you will have the entirety of the Blackrock Mountains as well as the city built within and all the natural resources it might contain. Finally, every Dragon Flight have Dragonspawn serving them. The origins of this subspecies of Dragons is unknown though it is believed they were somehow created through a ritual or were former humanoids who spent years living alongside the Dragons and by doing so slowly evolved into Dragonspawn. Either way you have a large number of these Dragonspawn who carry out many of the mundane tasks as being guards, soldiers, servants, caretakers, or perhaps even farmers. Very little is known about them so feel free to Fanwank it however you want. As usual they are completely loyal and devoted to your Flight and your Flight only, seeing your word as law. (More information: https://wow.gamepedia.com/Dragonspawn )
(If you choose to be the leader of the Black Dragons you must take the Drawbacks Whispers, Hunted, and Mistrusted for half their CP gain. Does not increase the amount of CP you can gain from Drawbacks.)

Army of the Light (Na’ru) - Three Draenei style crystal ships. One ship is as large as the Exodar and contains a large population of Draenei. The other two ships would be considered Battleships meant to aid in the defense of your city ship. You can name these ships whatever you would like. Each ship is manned and crewed by the necessary personnel to keep the ship operational. The city ship, however, is only filled with key personnel and a handful of everyday citizens. If you want more you’ll have to recruit from local populations. The city ship is directly linked to and powered by you while the two smaller battleships have Na’ru of smaller size and power to keep them running. You will not begin your journey in Azeroth until the events of the Legion expansion and how you arrive or explain your existence is up to you. In future Jumps anyone who chooses to join you on any of your ships will be carried forward into future Jumps as followers. The power of the weapons of these ships are not really detailed, but they are shown as having a very long range and are capable of teleportation by using other Draenei crystals. The city ship will have a section dedicated to growing more of these crystals, but if you want them to grow fast you’ll need to find a world like Azeroth, or Earth, with decent light. Fanwank responsibly. A good example of how these ships work would probably be the Protoss from Starcraft but instead of using Psionics the Draenei use Magic, or the Light it’s not really concrete on this.

[Blank] Dragon Flight (Jump Dragon Flight) - A Dragon Flight made to your specifications. Since this is your Dragon Flight and not an existing one you can choose the location of where they call home, or roost, or nest, or whatever it’s called that Dragons do. For the Blue Dragon Flight this is the Nexus in Coldarra, Green Dragons largely live within the Emerald Dream, and Black Dragons have taken to nesting in Black Rock Mountain. You can choose to create a mountain or island of some sort to reflect the aspects your Dragons represent. These natural wonders can contain large areas for your Flight to live that are sculpted and hand made . Alternatively you can take an exact replica of Wyrmrest Temple as your own and place it down somewhere on Azeroth other than Northrend. This building will be large enough to comfortably house your Dragon Flight for several generations. It will contain portals in it’s basement to a pocket dimension that you can keep and store your eggs so they can hatch in relative safety. You can, over time, shape this area into a city if you wish or import a city you already own into the setting. In future Jumps this location will follow you and can be placed anywhere you wish. If you choose to have your Dragons home in something similar to the Emerald Dream you must have at least one portal or location from which it connects to the outside world. Every Dragon Flight has Dragonspawn serving them. The origins of this subspecies of Dragons is unknown though it is believed they were somehow created through a ritual or were former humanoids who spent years living alongside the Dragons and by doing so slowly evolved into Dragonspawn. Either way you have a large number of these Dragonspawn who carry out many of the mundane tasks as being guards, soldiers, servants, caretakers, or perhaps even farmers. Very little is known about them so feel free to Fanwank it however you want. As usual they are devoted to your Flight and your Flight only, seeing your word as law. (More information: https://wow.gamepedia.com/Dragonspawn )

Notes: If you have chosen to be an Aspect of your Dragon Flight then you can ignore the added cost for your age and start out as a full grown Dragon. As a Dragon Flight member, leader, or Aspect of your own Flight you can choose to start as early as the War of the Ancients or not. Me personally, I like the idea that my Flight was betrayed by the Mogu after we became outraged by their actions enslaving the Pandaren and the Mogu locked us away in Pandaria using the same spell that sealed away the Sha. We only woke up after the Horde and Alliance arrived, weakening the seals and freeing us. I’m importing the Lonely Mountain to serve as my Dragon Flights home and it will be somewhere in Pandaria but sealed up. Because I get creative leave to make my own Flight home I change the appearance of the insides of the lonely mountain to better reflect a more Dragon oriented theme. The Flight wakes up and gets pissed because they see the Alliance trying to enslave the Pandarens and the Horde trying to use them as human sacrifices to demons. I do this because I like World of Warcraft more than I do the books about the past of Azeroth. But you can choose to do this however you like. However, you cannot begin until after the Titans have destroyed the Black Empire that was ruled by the Old Gods and they were sealed away. Maybe Deathwing locked you away or the Twilight Cult somehow sealed you away or maybe your Flight just went into hibernation because they didn’t care.

If you choose to become the leader of the Black Dragon Flight you will not become Deathwing, but his son Wrathion. You will have a hard time rebuilding your Flight and it will be a constant uphill battle. Know that should you kill Deathwing earlier than the events of Cataclysm and he does not yet have an Heir such as Wrathion to take over it will count as a Jump lose, that way it keeps things interesting.

If you are a Na’ru who has taken Army of the Light, you can choose to start your jump any time during or after the events of Burning Crusade. Do not even think about taking on the Burning Legion by yourself, because your measly three ships will get absolutely wrecked.

Because WoW is a game they can’t really go into full scale for buildings and locations often limiting what we see. So feel free to increase the sizes of your buildings, within reason. Lights Hope Chapel is not as large as Stormwind City, that's just crazy, but it could possibly be the size of a very small town.

            35. Hail to the King, Or Queen, Baby** (1000 / 1500 CP Requires You to Have a Race with an Existing Capital Within the Game World of Warcraft Can Only be Purchased ONCE): By choosing this perk you now become the King, or Queen, of your faction. How this comes about is up to you, so Fanwank responsibly. You’ll get your capital city and any lands I deem appropriate for your race to own. If you are a Dragon you cannot choose a capital city from one of the paid races unless you spend an additional 500 CP. Must take Drawback Safe Haven but you can keep the CP. Hybrids can choose ONE city of either race they belong to. If you purchase this perk and take the Operator perk then you will receive the necessary memories to pass yourself off as a natural born member of your race. This does not inherently make you a better ruler, but gives you more general knowledge about your race and their needs.

Blood Elves: You become the ruler of Silvermoon City and Quel’thalas. Once this Jump ends you may take this capital city and the entire zone (Eversong Woods, Ghostlands, and Quel’Danas) with you to future Jumps. All of the people contained within are considered followers. Any changes made to the city will carry over between Jumps and if you have your own personal dimension you could even place this there. Those within your zone who are of your race will be 100% loyal to you, but those not of your race varies. For instance the Trolls of Zul’aman will despise you and be a thorn in your side until they have been dealt with. There’s also the issue of the Undead roaming the southern borders of your territory.

Orc: The savage city of Orgrimmar is yours for the taking. You are now Warchief of the Orcs, but not the Horde. You may choose to take Orgrimmar as it was during Classic or what it became after Garrosh Hellscream, the choice is yours. You also gain Barrens and Durator to help you feed your people. You will need to deal with the inhabitants of Ragefire Chasm as well as the Harpies and Bristleboar in your lands of Durator and Barrens. Durator is a harsh land that is difficult to grow crops so you’ll need to come up with something if you want to feed your people.

Goblins: Originally the Goblin homeland was destroyed when Deathwing burst forth from the Maelstrom, and it still is. This, however, is the new capital they built for themselves in Azshara. The lands are pretty fertile with plenty of natural resources, but there are many many threats within. Naga, Stone Giants, and bands of Night Elves will need to be brought to heel if you wish for your territory to be safe.

Tauren: Thunder Bluff lies with a large valley called Mulgore with bountiful fields for harvesting and farming. In the Northern part of Mulgore sits a bluff containing the city Thunder Bluff. I hope you don’t mind heights and you’re probably going to want to install some safety measures into your city because I’m sure it violates many guidelines somewhere. Mulgore is constantly under threat by Bristleboar and the Venture Co. as well as being on the new frontline war between the Horde and Alliance. Otherwise, it’s a pretty safe location with not many issues. When your Jump ends you will also gain the Barrens.

Forsaken: The fallen city of Lordaeran is now home to the Banshee Queen and her undead. Though you could take her place as the new Banshee Queen, or Pumpkin King whatever floats your boat. Lordaeran lies within Tirisfal Glades and has many issues of its own, most of which won’t affect your Undead citizens in anyway. The land is mostly dead and diseased, anything grown here has a tendency to be sickly. You’ll also need to worry about bands of wondering hostile Undead as well as the Scarlet Crusade and Worgen encroaching from the West. You will also gain Silverpine forest at the end of your Jump.

Trolls: Though not really a city recently the Darkspear have taken to living on an island East of Durator. You can claim this island for yourself if you desire. There’s not much on it and it’s probably not good for farming, but it does have baby raptors and that’s always a plus. The land really only has one threat and that’s the Naga.

Zandalari: I probably shouldn’t add this, but I know you all are going to want it anyway and why wouldn’t you. Zandalar is pretty dang awesome. So, you get the capital city of Dazar’alor as well as the entire island including all three zones. You’re going to be super busy making sure your people aren’t all wiped out by the Blood Trolls and the encroaching deserts caused by the Sethrak as well as the Alliance popping up all over the place and ruining your fun.

Nightborne: The city of Suramar is now yours to rule as well as all of Suramar itself. You can choose to start off right after the events of the Sundering when the pangaea was split apart and your city was forced to erect a barrier to protect it. Or anytime in between the Sundering and Legion. It’ll be up to you to protect your city and its people when the Burning Legion invades. This is no easy task as the city itself will be on the frontlines of the battle. The zone of Suramar is also filled with all sorts of threats from the Withered to the spider elf things that live in the ruins outside the city. Honestly it would take too long to go over every threat facing Suramar and the City at this time so prepare to do a bit of research if you want to claim this city for yourself. If you manage to keep Gul’dan away from the Nightwell it is yours to keep and do with as you please.

Highmountain Tauren: Like Suramar City, Thunder Totem of Highmountain is located on the Broken isles which will be the frontline for a demonic invasion by the Burning Legion. Not only will you have to find a way to unite the tribes of Highmountain under your leadership, but you’ll have to deal with countless other threats. Like the Nightborne you should go and do some research about the city and zone you are inheriting.

Dark Iron Dwarf: The ruined city of Black Rock Depths is the home of the Dark Iron Clan. You are going to have your work cut out for you if you want to reclaim your birthright. Elementals, Demons, and Black Dragons are just a few of the things lurking within this once great kingdom that rivaled even Ironforge itself. Your probably going to end up spending your entire ten years here reclaiming as much of your city as you can. If you do manage to reclaim your city then you will gain the lands of Burning Steppes and Searing Gorge. Good luck finding a way to feed your people.

Dwarf: (Can not be taken by Dark Iron) The city of Ironforge located in Dun Morogh. Ironforge lies within a mountain range in Northern Dun Morogh. There’s not much more to say about this location because there aren’t many threats; Frost Trolls, Troggs, and a few Twilight Cultists in Loch Modan. A side benefit of choosing this city is that you also gain Gnomeregan. Your city is also inhabited by the freeloading Gnomes. Or not, you can choose to boot the Gnomes out when moving on to your next Jump, but by doing so you also lose Gnomeregan. If you reclaim Gnomeregan for the Gnomes before your Jump ends they will be so grateful they swear fealty to you. Be aware that by reclaiming I also mean you have to get rid of all that radiation, leper gnomes, and troggs. You will gain Dun Morogh and Loch Modan at the end of this Jump.

Draenei: On Azuremyst Isle sits the crashed city ship of Exodar. You start at the beginning of Burning Crusade and must somehow aid your people in rebuilding their lives and repairing the Exodar. Even should you fail to repair the Exodar during your time here you will still receive the Exodar, Azuremyst Isle, and Bloodmyst Isle to take with you in future Jumps. Threat wise, there’s not much to worry about on either of these islands except for those junkie Blood Elves and a few escaped experiments and environmental hazards from your crashed ship.

Kul Tiran: The city of Boralus on the island of Kul Tiras is a newly introduced zone and capital like the Zandalari, and like the Zandalari you get the entire island with all three zones. However you Fanwank your rulership over the island and people of Kul Tiras you will start the same time Jaina Proudmore is born as either her brother or sister. You will inherit the throne during the events of BFA and boy will you have your work cut out for you. Naga, Old Gods, Horde, and Betrayal are just a few of the things you are going to have to deal with. On the plus side you have a large, possibly the largest, fleet on Azeroth.

Human: Stormwind City lies north of Elewyn Forest and is home to the Humans. Though it is home to the Humans Stormwind is the capital city of the Alliance and as such houses many members of other races with an entire section of the city dedicated to the Dwarves. Choosing this option also grants you Elwyn Forest, Westfall, and Redridge Mountains. You’ll need to be worried about the Defias Brotherhood, Gnolls, Murlocs, Orcs, and a few other minor problems.

Night Elves: Ooooooh….. Ummm…. This is awkward… Just kidding. If you choose to be a Night Elf you will get Teldrassil, Darkshore, and Ashenvale Forest to rule. Most of your lands are shared with you by the Furbolgs who have been allies to the Night Elves for Centuries. Also, most of your lands are in a state of constant war because of the Orcs and Trolls. North of Darkshore a band of Trolls have forced their way into your territory while the Orcs have forced their way into Eastern Ashenvale Forest as well as along the coast. Your going to have your work cut out for you protecting your people from the vile Horde. Also, hide any matches.

Gnomeregan: That is if you can take it. Gnomeregan was overrun by Troggs decades ago and the Gnomes foolishly used radiation and other chemical weapons to try to wipe the Troggs out only for it to backfire. Most of Gnomeregan is filled with lethal radiation, Troggs, or insane leper gnomes. If you manage to take back your city within the ten years you are here the Dwarves will be so impressed they will willingly choose to come along with you in future journeys giving you both cities as well as Dun Morogh, Loch Modan, and Ironforge. If you fail to reclaim the city you will still receive Gnomeregan, Dun Morogh, and Loch Modan but you will have no citizens and your lands will still be plagued with problems.

Worgen: The grand city of Gilneas, or it used to be before Sylvannas plagued the entire city. If you want this city you are going to have your work cut out for you. Either you are going to have to protect it from Sylvannas and her invasion or repel whatever Forsaken remain in the city and purge it of the Plague corruption. If you fail to do either the city will still come with you between Jumps, but it will be an empty dead city filled with plague. You also gain Silverpine Forest, with all the issues that entails.

Naga: The Naga can choose to take the Zone of Vash’jir declaring themselves the new queen or king of the Naga. You will be given a small army of Naga, Murlocs, and Sea Giants to aid you in claiming your new kingdom, but this choice will leave you at a full scale war with Queen Azshara who will not tolerate your existence and who is backed by the Old God N’zoth himself. Be warned, your army is nowhere near large enough to take on the full might of Queen Azshara’s near endless horde. You will need to find allies to aid you, possibly the Horde or Alliance? This option you will only be guaranteed the Kelp’thar Forest and it will be on you to reclaim the rest of the zone before your time in Azeroth runs out.
Alternatively, if the above mentioned zone seems too far out of your reach, you can ally yourself with Illidan in Outland and receive control over the single territory of Zangarmarsh with the city of Steamvaults for you to rule over. In this area you will be viewed as the undisputed ruler who answers only to Illidan himself. Your only real threats are the Draenei, Horde, and Alliance. (Controlling the Abyssal Maw does not grant access to the Elemental Plane of Water in future Jumps.)

Demon: If you are Demon and have chosen to ally yourself with Illidan over your dark master, you will receive the Black Temple and the zone of Shadow Moon Valley. The Demons of this zone will obey your command, so long as they are allied to Illidan. You will also need to convince the Broken, the Ashtongue, to join you or deal with them some other way. You will also be answering to Illidan, at least until the events of Burning Crusade transpire or your Jump ends.

Nerubian: The once mighty empire of Azjol’Nerub is yours, if you can claim it. The Nerubian Empire was once spread across the entirety of Northrend before the Lich King destroyed your people. You will be guaranteed rule over Azjol’Nerb and territory the size of Dragonblight, even if you should fail to reclaim it during this Jump. If you desire more you can choose to conquer the rest of your former kingdom which exists beneath Northrend. Should you succeed you will be able to take a kingdom the size of Northrend with you to be imported into any Jump you desire. You will have to import your kingdom underground in future Jumps as Nerubians do not like the light all that much.

Ogre: You become the ruler of Highmaul with control over the zone of Nagrand. Ogres believe in might makes right so you better rule with a firm fist and watch your back. You’re going to be dealing with the Iron Horde quite a lot and are going to have a difficult time keeping them out of your lands while subjugating the local Orc population.

Mogu: The Mogu’shan Palace within the Vale of Eternal Blossoms is the center of your could be empire. That is where you start and you will need to reconquer your lands if you wish to claim Pandaria as your own. At the end of your Jump you will be able to take any zone you have conquered although you will gain the Vale of Eternal Blossoms no matter what. You can take the Isle of Thunder if you manage to conquer it. Good luck, your going to need it because your going to be fighting against every race there is for control of Pandaria. Both the Horde and Alliance will oppose you as well as the Mantid, Pandaren, and even other Mogu. Perhaps you can convince the Pandaren your a good guy, or gal, and get them to help out? Bit unlikely because the Pandaren are not naturally violent people and like the status quo of living free.

Mantid: Okay, so this is a bit more difficult to go into detail about because there is so little information. Essentially choosing this perk you will gain all of the Dread Wastes with your capital city being a giant tree that was used as a raid called The Heart of Fear. There is no information about what this tree was called before it was corrupted by the Sha of Fear. You must start during the events of Mists of Pandaria and you must not succumb to the effects of the Sha of Fear while protecting your people. You can, if you desire, choose to attempt to conquer the rest of Pandaria to take with you in future Jumps. You are going to struggle doing so because every race on Pandaria, including the Horde and Alliance, is going to resist you. Like the Mogu you can conquer the Isle of Thunder and take it with you, only if you can take it.

Fallen Arakkoa / High Arakkoa: You gain control over the Spires of Arak. Like the Ogre’s you will have a difficult time defending your territories from the Iron Horde, or even just reclaiming your city if you are a Fallen Arakkoa.

Na’ru: The Na’ru have a long standing relationship with the Draenei, as such you may choose to either receive Shattrath from the Burning Crusade Era or Shattrath from the Warlords of Draenor Era. Either option comes with a host of threats and problems. Between the Burning Legion, Ethereals, Illidan’s forces, Naga, and more the BC Shattrath is beset on all sides by constant threats as well as being located on a dying world. Shattrath from WoD is in a similar precarious situation being surrounded by enemy forces on all sides. You will be dealing with the Iron Horde, Arakkoa, Ogre’s, and eventually Gul’dan good luck protecting your city. Both versions of this option receive Terokkar Forest along with any threats within.

Elemental Lord: After the Titans defeated the Black Empire the Elemental Lords were banished to the Elemental Planes. Each plane has an entrance located somewhere on Azeroth and each Plane is a representation of the chosen Element. While within your plane your powers are doubled. Elementals will naturally be created from the mixture of mana, element, and spirit energy within your plane over time. In future Jumps the entrance to your plane can be placed anywhere that is strong in your element allowing others to enter and leave. Your plane can be no bigger than any of the previous listed cities and territories. 

Titan Keeper: This is for the upgraded version of the Titan Watcher, the Titan Keeper. You gain Ulduar and Storm Peaks as your city and territory. For the duration of this Jump you will have to either kill or keep contained Yogg-Saran, the God of Death. You will also need to deal with the traitorous Loki to reclaim a large portion of your territory and wrest control of the Titanforged from him. On top of it all you will also have to deal with the Lich King and the meddlesome mortals of the Horde and Alliance. Ulduar contains a vast wealth of knowledge and magical technology as well as tools necessary to create more Titanforged Aesir and Vanir. Once this Jump ends this city and territory will be your to control with the Titanforged and Storm Giants obeying your command, if you defeat Loki and kill Yogg-Saran. As an added bonus the local Vrykul will also fall in line and obey you after this Jump. In future Jumps Ulduar can also serve as an inescapable prison for any being of lesser power than yourself. https://wowwiki.fandom.com/wiki/Ulduar 


Notes: Conquering other territories does not work unless specifically stated. Humans cannot reclaim Lordaeran from the Forsaken. Any changes made to your territories will carry over to future Jumps, this includes damages. After this Jump ends the members of your race within your city will be completely loyal to you. Dragons who took a city because of their transformation race will receive the same loyalty boost to their chosen race.


All cities can be placed within your own personal dimension, if you have one.

You cannot import a city into the position of one of these above listed cities. However, at the end of the Jump you will be given the one time option, that can not be banked or used any other time, to merge your chosen territory with any other ONE city or territory you own from another Jump. 

If you are a Nightborne or Highmountain Tauren you are going to need to defend your city and territory from the Burning Legion, but ultimately can choose who you ally with or if you ally with anyone at all. Your people may or may not like your choice and might revolt.


The Nerubians are a bit of a mystery in terms of culture and beliefs. All we know is that they were once part of the Black Empire and that they ruled the underground beneath Northrend until the Lich King defeated them. We also know they were very powerful because even the Lich King struggled to stamp out their species. Their cities aesthetics is like a blend of Egyptian and Aztec rolled up into a spider bundle and mixed with blacks, gold, and purples. You’ll have to do quite the bit of Fanwanking and have a pretty big imagination for this species, but the rewards speak for themselves.

Again, I encourage you to go look up videos and more information about each of these locations so you can be informed. Some of these options are meant to be a challenge while others are meant to be a breeze.

Because WoW is a game these locations are often very small in size. We often don’t see the necessary economics that keep cities such as these functional. So if you wish to increase the size of your selected city so you have farms and other necessities to better reflect a realistic society then feel free to do so. A good idea would be to check out the Warcraft Movie and the scene that has a zoom out shot of Stormwind, or just watch the movie it is truly underrated. That said, do not go crazy with it and try to turn Stormwind into the size of an entire State or something like that. Keep it realistic.


Elemental Lords will face numerous threats with the Twilights Hammer, Naga, Deathwing, and Old Gods. Deepholm, the plane of Earth is basically the resting place of Deathwing for the last thousand plus years. The Naga are attempting to corrupt and take over the plane of Water. Pretty much the same is happening with the planes of Fire and Wind regarding the Twilights Hammer and Old Gods.
________________
Loot
  



Discounted items will be marked with Discount and the requirements to receive the discount. 


               1. Hearthstone (Free): You gain a magical rock with a rune carved into the surface. When held in your hand and focused on this rock will bind to a safe location that you own allowing you to transport back to that location at any time as long as you channel your focus into the stone uninterrupted for three seconds. If you lose your new pet rock it will reappear within your inventory or warehouse courtesy of the GM’s.

               2. Basic Adventurers Gear (Free): A set of white gear appropriate to your class. This is the lowest of the low quality armor and a weapon of your choice. It’s barely worth a copper.

               3. Friendly Pet (25 CP): This item can be purchased as many times as you desire. You may choose one pet from the game to claim as your own. Pets can not be any sentient/sapient creature and cannot be used as a combat animal that Hunters would use. They are little more useful than a pet dog or cat. Depending on the species they can grow from a newborn pup to a full grown member of their species if given time and proper care to grow.

               4. Sack of Gold (100 CP): This is a small sack of 1,000 Gold Coins. This is more than enough for you to live comfortably for a couple years.

               5. Artifact Weapon** (200 CP First Purchase Free with Oh Captain, My Captain): If you have chosen a class you may choose the artifact weapon of your specialization for the aforementioned price. If you have multiple classes or multiple specializations you may choose ONE artifact weapon for ONE of your specializations. You can also choose any appearance for your artifact weapon that existed within the game. You may choose to import a weapon into this one or vice versa. The imported weapon will gain all the stats and abilities of the Artifact Weapon, including any sentient beings trapped within. After this Jump ends you may choose to rid your weapon of any awareness they might have if you get annoyed from their constant chatting. If you did not take the perk Oh Captain, My Captain your will receive a replica of your chosen weapon. The real weapon will still make its way into the hands of the ones chosen to lead their class order hall. Multiple purchases allow for you to have a duplicate of another Artifact Weapon so long as you have the Class AND Specialization. Here is a good source for learning more about your Artifact Weapon choices: https://wow.gamepedia.com/Artifact 

               6. Artifact Forge (200 CP Discount for Artifact Weapon Wielders / Free with Oh Captain, My Captain): This forge grants you every appearance in game of your Artifact Weapon and allows you to alter the appearance of your weapon at any time. In future Jumps it will allow you to alter the function of your weapon at any time. Turning swords into spears or axes into daggers. I’ll even allow you to use it to change a pistol into a rifle, or something similar. The forge will also serve as a medium allowing you to more easily enchant and create powerful weapons which you can imbue with powerful magical effects.

               7. Ground Mount (100 CP Free Death Knight, Paladin, Warlock, and Oh Captain, My Captain / Can be purchased multiple times): This is a mount capable of bearing your immense, or tiny, weight around Azeroth. As is, it is only a ground based mount that cannot fly and can run at speeds around 50 mph. For an additional 100 CP your mount can now run at speeds exceeding 100 mph. For a further 100 CP you can choose both a flying mount and land mount. These mounts can be anything in the game, unless they are class or Order Hall specific. Death Knights, Paladins, and Warlocks gain their base land Mounts for free. If you have Oh Captain, My Captain you will also receive your Class Order Hall mount for free, Jump Dragon and Na’ru do not have any mounts associated with this perk and so receive none. The Class Hall mounts are varied but each are capable of traveling at a maximum speed of 100 mph. https://wow.gamepedia.com/Class_mount 

               8. Legendary Item (400 CP Discount Dragons / Elemental/ Elemental Lord / Pit Lord / Lightforged Nathrezim /  Nathrezim / Na’ru. This can be purchased multiple times.): You may choose one existing Legendary Item from WoW that exists in the game now or in previous expansions and receive an exact duplicate of that item. This can be anything from weapons to jewelry. It must be an item that players could earn in game and can not be something like Frostmourne. This item also cannot be an Artifact Weapon, which means no Corrupted Ashbringer.

               9. Inn (200 CP): You are now the proud owner of your very own Inn. This building is designed to be however you like, but cannot go beyond its function as an Inn. Your Inn will always make enough gold or cash to be more than profitable. You can even add a bar and kitchen if you would like. Essentially it’s like many Inn’s found in the game of WoW when you first receive it. It will follow you to future Jumps and will retain any changes you make to it during and after this Jump.

               10. Outfitter (100 CP Blue Set Free Death Knight and Epic Set Free Demon Hunter): You start out with a basic set of Green Armor and Green Weapon(s). For another 100 CP you can upgrade this armor set and weapon(s) to Blue. Finally, for another 100 CP this set can be upgraded to Epic Level armor and weapon(s). No matter what set you pick they will be soulbound to you and if destroyed will reappear in your warehouse in 24 hours. If you purchase Epic Level armor you can choose any tier set in the game as well as any Epic Level weapon(s) from any raid. Weapons and armor in WoW will increase your physical or magical capabilities passively when worn. (You may only choose up to two weapons and only if your class uses two weapons. So Hunters can either get two one-handed weapons, a two-handed weapon, or a single ranged weapon. Paladins can only receive a one-handed weapon and shield or two-handed weapon and etc.. The armor and weapons do not have to be based on your class, you can pick whatever you want.)

               11. Adventurer’s Bag (100 CP): A bag that is bigger on the inside. This bag will alter its appearance to blend into any future Jumps setting. This bag comes with 20 slots which you can stack multiple items of the same type up to 999 times within a single slot. You can purchase this item multiple times to increase the number of slots in your bag. Each purchase will increase the number of slots within your bag by 20.

               12. Auto-Smelter (100 CP): This Auto-Smelter will smelt down any raw ore placed inside it into high quality ingots. This smelter is completely hands free, except for actually placing the ore inside. For further incentive, if you purchased The Mine you will be given a group of magical constructs who will mine your ore, place it in the Auto-Smelter, then sort out the finished product. They can not be used for anything outside of their primary functions stated above.

               13. Herb Garden (400 CP Discount Druids): A herb garden designed however you wish. At the basic level this garden has all the herbs found on Earth and in Classic WoW. For additional purchases of 50 CP you can add the herbs of the next expansions in chronological order. BC - WotLK - Cata - MoP - WoD - Legion - BfA. Herbs picked here will not need to be replanted and will regrow on their own without any help from you. There will always be enough herbs for whatever you may need them for, but if you pick more than 100 herbs within a month they will need time to rest before they regrow taking one month to do so. You can attach this to your warehouse, a pocket dimension, or import it into the world of Future Jumps.

               14. The Mine (400 CP Discount Dwarves): As the name suggests, this is a mine. At a basic level, which you get with the first purchase, you get basic metals of which you can find on Earth and Classic WoW. For another 50 CP you will gain access to all metals found in Burning Crusade. Another 50 CP and you will get access to all metals within Wrath of the Lich King. Yet another 50 CP you gain access to raw ores from Cataclysm. I think you’re starting to see where I’m going with this. Keep spending an extra 50 CP until you eventually reach the latest expansion of the game. You will gain all ores of that expansion and all previous ones. Your mine will grow in size adding additional floors representing the different expansions for each purchase of this item. The mine will never run dry, but it can be depleted if you gather the ore too quickly. Give the mine a month and it’ll be back up to full capacity. You can place this mine anywhere in future Jumps that you wish or within your own pocket dimension, if you have one.

               15. Crystal Garden (400 CP Discount Draenei, Na’ru, and Mine): You now possess the very same crystals used by the Draenei in many of their creations. This single man sized crystal, when planted, can create a massive mine filled with even more crystals of varying shapes, sizes, and colors. The mine may be temporarily depleted if you harvest too much too quickly, but it will regenerate more crystals for you to harvest if given a month to rest. The crystals you mine from this can be planted into other areas to create new mines. However, these new mines will not regenerate after use and once empties the land will need time to replenish the necessary nutrients before you can plant more crystals. If you purchase The Mine then you will have an entire floor dedicated to these crystals within your mine.

               16. Frostmourne (1000 CP): You knew this was coming. The unholy of unholies, Frostmourne. Well, sort of. This is an exact replica of Frostmourne including all of its capabilities. Each soul consumed by this sword increases its power, as well as yours. If 1000 CP is a bit daunting for your taste you can take the corrupted version of the sword for a discount of - 500 CP. Be warned though, the corrupted version of Frostmourne contains the soul of a powerful warlock, Ner’zhul, who will battle for control over your body. Must take the drawback Whispers for no CP gain. You can choose to keep Ner’zhul within your sword after your Jump ends, removing his ability to gain control of your mind, or obliterate his soul from the weapon permanently. https://wow.gamepedia.com/Frostmourne 


________________


  

Companions
Looking For More (Free): You may import up to 4 companions for free. They will receive 500 CP and your chosen race for free or select a race that is free. You can import more companions at 50 CP per imported companion. Companions can NOT purchase perks that make them the leader of a class hall, faction, or kingdom.


Animal Companion (200 CP Free Hunter): Choose any tameable, common, animal from World of Warcraft as your companion. This beast will always remain loyal to you and should it die you will find them rested and well fed back at your warehouse in 24 hours. Unless you have taken the perk Master Tamer you can not choose any animal that a level 10 Hunter couldn’t tame.


Exotic Animal Companion (400 CP Free Master Tamer): Choose any exotic animal in the game to take as a companion. These animals can include demons or even mechanical constructs with dog like intelligence.
  

Drawbacks


I know my Jump is a bit on the expensive side, especially if you want all the goodies, so you may take up to 1500 CP in Drawbacks. Each Drawback can only be taken once unless otherwise stated.


No Means No (+100): Your charisma perks will not work on those within positions of power. This means no Alexstrasza, Lich King, Anduin, Sylvannas, and etc. This Drawback effectively limits your recruitment pool to only those characters who are not leaders of a faction or organization and who will not become leaders of a faction or organization in the future.


Mrrrgl (+100 CP) - You can now only speak in Murloc tongue. No one can understand you, except for that one crazy druid who wants to be a Murloc. For an additional +100 CP you can not even communicate with others telepathically, with even your thoughts being in Mrrrgle. For a final +100 CP all forms of communication will be in Mrrrgle, expect NO ONE to understand what you are trying to communicate to them.


Mistrusted (+100) - No one trusts you. Your reputation starts of at Mistrusted. You will be viewed with suspicion and will often find yourself accused of crimes you didn’t commit simply for being in the wrong place at the wrong time. So long as you didn’t actually commit the crimes these things will work themselves out, but it will be a pain. Proving yourself will slowly build your reputation back up, but your going to have to work twice as hard as anyone else normally would.




Busted Hearthstone (+100) - Your hearthstone no longer works. If you want to return back to Kalimdor from Northrend you’re either going to have to take a portal or go the long way. For an additional +200 your Hearthstone is not only busted, but is completely haywire. When the Jump starts you will completely forget purchasing this Drawback and eventually during your Jump you are going to use your Hearthstone. Only instead of going where you think you are, you’re going to end up in the middle of nowhere with no clue which direction to go to get back to civilization. Finally for another +200 CP instead of taking you back home or even to the middle of nowhere your Hearthstone will instead take you to a location that is VERY dangerous. This can be Icecrown Citadel, Black Rock Depths, or even Black Temple. Again you will use the Hearthstone because you don’t remember taking this perk.

Timecop (+100): For the duration of this Jump any time travel powers you have will be cut off. Unless you are a Bronze Dragon you will not be traveling through time. If you are a Bronze Dragon, Nozdormu will not permit you to travel through time without his explicit permission. Even if you do cheese your way into traveling through time any key events of Azeroth’s history will remain as fixed, immutable, facts that can not be altered no matter what powers you possess.


Magical Mishaps (+200) - Your spells have a habit of not doing what you want them to. There is a random chance that any spell you cast will randomize itself into a completely different spell. This also applies to any magic you bring in from outside of Azeroth.


Troubled Road (+200) - The roads are no longer safe to travel, at least for you. When you travel you will often find bandits and monsters on roads that should be safe.


Druidic Dunce (+200 Requires Druid) - You just plain suck at being a druid. Aim a moonfire at an enemy? Well you misclicked and are now moonfire spamming yourself. Meant to transform into your feral form? Well now you’re flopping around on dry land in your aquatic form. The only thing you seem to get right is healing others so I hope you brought friends.


Don’t Stand in the Fire! (+300 CP): You have absolutely trash situational awareness. You could literally be standing within a location specifically marked as “Do not stand here” and be completely oblivious to the looming threat about to roast you alive. Whenever an enemy casts an AoE spell, expect to get caught up in it.


Bound (+400 Requires Elemental or Demon) - You are now bound to the will of the one who summoned you. You must abide by the three rules of a summoned being. 1) A summoned being may not hurt their master or through inaction allow harm to befall their master. 2) A summoned being must obey the orders of its master unless said order conflicts with rule 1. 3) A summoned being must protect its own existence unless such action conflicts with rules 1 or 2. Also, should your master die they will be replaced by another who is much more cruel than the previous. Should ten of your masters die before your Jump ends then the eleventh will bind your soul to a Soul Shard and you shall fail this Jump and be sent home. If you have a companion who is a Warlock or Shaman they may choose to be your master. However, if you have used any magic, technology, or brainwashing to enslave them they will be freed of such control for the duration of this Jump.


Safe Haven (+500 CP Requires Hail to the King, or Queen, Baby): You now must protect your city from falling to any threat. Should your city be destroyed, conquered, or your people overthrow you this will count as a Jump lose. If you have mind control abilities you  may not use them on your citizens and any outside magic that would place some impenetrable barrier over your city will fail.


Moar DoT’s! (+500): You may not be undead, but I bet you wish you were. Your body is inflicted with every disease and curse imaginable. This will not kill you, people won’t even notice a difference in your appearance, but you will be in constant near crippling pain. You will move, react, and think slower as you aren’t capable of blocking out the blinding pain you always feel.


Hunted (+500) - One of the evil factions on Azeroth is hunting you. Choose one: the Black Dragon Flight, the Burning Legion, Twilight Cult, Cult of the Damned, Scourge, Iron Horde, The Naga, Sylvannas, or Helya. This group will be fanatical in hunting you down. Alternatively, if you are a Demon, choose: The Alliance, The Horde, Silver Hand, Kirin Tor, Cenarion Circle, Earthern Ring, Ebon Blade, Army of the Light, or any of the Dragon Flights. They will actively seek you out to kill you. You can take this drawback as many times as you want, but will only receive the maximum 1500 CP. Should you possess any powers that allow you to travel through time or prevent key figures responsible for the creation of these organizations. They will never work. The Iron Horde will ALWAYS be created and the Cult of the Damned will exist no matter what you do.


Whispers (+500) - You can hear the whispers of the Old Gods encouraging you to succumb to their will. At first the whispers won’t be that bad. Over time they will grow ever stronger until you begin to hallucinate things that aren’t there. This drawback overrides any mental protections you might have. Expect to hurt and betray those your love or are trying to protect should you succumb to the Old Gods. Azeroth itself may even fall. If you succumb to the whispers of the Old Gods you will fail this Jump and be sent back home.


LEEEEEROOOOOOY! (+500) - You… are an idiot, but at least you have fried chicken. You can not help but to rush head first into any fight no matter the situation. You do not stop to even contemplate or plan out your actions. Room full of possible booby traps? You charge head first at full speed. Army of Dragons in the next room? You guessed it, your going to leap right on in, all the while shouting your name at the top of your lungs.

Hated (+800) - The races of Azeroth absolutely hate and despise you. Expect to be attacked on sight if you get too close to any city or settlement. If you have the perks Oh Captain, My Captain or Hail to the King, or Queen, Baby then expect constant trouble, betrayal, uprisings, and assassination attempts. Unlike the drawback Mistrusted, you can not improve your reputation no matter what you do.


No Powa! (+1000 CP): You are cut off from all of your powers, technology, and warehouse. Any outside technology, magic, or powers you bring in will not work for the duration of this Jump. You will have to rely on only those things which you have bought from this document. If that wasn’t bad enough, Sargeras is aware of your existence and believes you to be a threat to the order he is attempting to bring to the galaxy. Sargeras will take a personal interest in wiping you from existence to the point he ignores his attempts to destroy Azeroth in favor of just killing you and consuming your soul. For perspective, Sargeras was capable of defeating the ENTIRE Titan pantheon by himself. He is also capable of tearing planets in half. So good luck, you’re going to need it.


________________


  

Notes


Shout out to Mic Ras for creating the Titan Keeper and Watcher race as well as Wil Egan for helping to fix the grammatical structure of this Jump for me as well as pointing out several interesting ideas for perks and races.


Notes: I don’t like the option to buy companions so I never take it. If you want someone from canon WoW to join you then you’re going to have to convince them. The only exception to this rule is those who purchased Hail to the King, or Queen, Baby as you ARE the King or Queen and those of your race don’t really have a choice about traveling with you into future Jumps, unless they just leave your territory before you move on. If you take Hail to the King, or Queen, Baby then you could reasonably fanwank a political marriage to one of the faction leaders, so long as they would have been the leader had you not taken this perk. Meaning if you become the new leader of the Forsaken you may take Sylvannas as your new Waifu or, if Human, Anduin as your new Husbandu, but not the other way around.


I also do not think it’s necessary to know every single side quest within the game. So long as you know who the big bads are and the major events then you should be able to create an interesting story with this Jump.


On Races - The Basic races of the Horde and Alliance each have their own Class Restrictions that you can find on the WoW website. Your race must adhere to those restrictions.


I changed the rule on Hybrids to allow you to gain all the racials of your secondary. Titan Watchers / Keepers who choose Dragon or Jump Dragon as a secondary race will still be able to take the Transformation racial and turn themselves into any one other species. This allows you to also purchase Hail to the King, or Queen, Baby. This also applies to Dragon hybrids in general.


On Cities - Just a reminder about some of the different cities unique functions you will gain possession of. Exodar - If you can repair the ship, and other ships that crashed around it, you could have your own space faring city ship. The ship also comes with its own Na’ru. So, there’s a lot of potential there. Darnassus - The Night Elves are capable of creating Treants and possibly Ancients. Silvermoon City - If you can fix the rune stones around Quel’thalas and purify the Sunwell you could potentially reactivate the powerful shield that once protected Quel’thalas. The Sunwell is also a powerful mana generator and would increase the strength of your people. The Blood Elves also use Arcane Golem’s to protect Silvermoon so you could make more of those. Undercity - For those who start before WotLK you can take a small population of Valk’yr to allow you to continue to increase your population. Also Undercity exist beneath Lordaeron, so you have a lot of space above to rebuild and expand. Azjol’Nerub - The Scourge towers we see in Warcraft 3 that shoot those magic missiles at troops were originally created by the Nerubians, from my understanding, and later used by Arthas. 


Those are just a few examples, but a lot of the other cities have similar things that make them unique. 


Nathrezim / Pit Lord - The Twisting Nether is kind of vague in WoW. It’s implied multiple times that the Twisting Nether is the void, or space, or some kind of parallel dimension made of chaos. In my opinion the reason it is so hard to define is because you can kill Demons, permanently, on Argus which kind of makes things confusing. So I’m guessing Demons only die permanently wherever they have died in a location they have power or have conquered? Don’t quote me on that. What I’m getting at is, there is no definitive answer as to what the Twisting Nether is. So, for future Jumps, when you die your soul will be sent away from your dead body to regenerate. If your soul and body is destroyed then you are dead, unless you have some perks from other Jumps that prevent this.


Elemental - When an elemental dies on the plane that Azeroth exists within they are sent back to their elemental plane. Fire is sent to Firelands, Earth to Deepholm, Wind to Skywall, and Water to the Abyssal Maw. If you purchased Hail to the King, or Queen, Baby then when you die you will reappear within your plane. When this happens a doorway will appear somewhere on the world you are on leading to your plane. Anyone can use this doorway if they can find it, and it’s usually located somewhere associated with your element that isn’t too far out of the way for Humans, and enter your plane to finish you off. However, while in your plane your powers are dramatically increased even in your weakened state after your death. You will not be able to leave your plane for one month until your body heals enough to survive on its own once again outside of your plane.
Bronze Dragon - Bronze Dragons will be able to travel through time after they have sparked. If you take Oh Captain, My Captain you can travel through time as you want, but you will be compelled to protect the original timeline until you have sparked.


Jump Dragon - This is a Dragon Flight of your own creation. You, personally, can be no more powerful than Deathwing. Your Flight can be no more numerous than any other Flight. If you choose Time as one of your ideas then you and your Flight will be capable of traveling through time. However, your Flight will be compelled to uphold and protect the original timeline. After you Spark this compulsion will no longer exist and you can do as you please.


Na’ru - When a Na’ru dies they become a Void God. In future Jumps when you die you will become a parallel version of yourself until you are purified. By this I mean if you are a good person who likes to help others you will become an evil person who revels in the suffering of others. This effect will persist until someone uses a Light based spell to purify your soul.


Death Knight - In the future your Death Gate spell will take you to a location that you own. If you own Acherus then the Death Gate will take you there, if not it can take you to any property that you own or your personal dimension, if you own one. As for summoning Undead, you won’t need actual corpses to do so. When you use an Undead summoning spell, the spell itself will create the Undead.


Druid - Druids’ ability to teleport to Moonglade will change to teleport them to their Class Order Hall. Otherwise, it’ll teleport you to any property that you own.


Mage - Mages will be capable of creating portals to any major city they have been to in future Jumps. For instance, if you just came from a DC Jump and then followed this Jump with another DC Jump you can create portals to Gotham and Metropolis if you have previously been there. If you have Dalaran then you can create permanent portals to these locations, with a couple of caveats. One, the portals are two way, meaning others can enter your portal from the opposite end at any time, and Two, these portals will cease to exist when you move onto your next Jump. The Mage Table will serve food that is no different than normal food, meaning you can summon an endless supply of mana bread. Post Spark you can create portals that connect other universes together if you so desire.


Monk - The monk spell Transcendence will continue to work as it did in Jump. However, it can instead take you to your Class Order Hall or Kingdom if you have taken one. The spirit it leaves behind will be invisible to others and you can teleport straight back to that exact location when you are done.


Shaman - Your ability to self resurrect is limited to once per Jump. Your Ancestral Recall ability will function much like your Hearthstone, but they do not share cooldowns.


Warlock - Your Soul Stone will only work once per Jump. However, they can work on companions and others as many times as you can create them. You can only have ONE Soul Stone active at a time. Soul Drain will function like it did in Classic giving you Soul Shards that you can save and use later. Feel free to Fanwank how the Shards work or what they do, but they cannot be used to cheese the once per Jump rule of resurrecting. In future Jumps you may choose to bind or summon demons from that setting if they exist, but you’ll need to be much more powerful with a greater will than the demon you wish to bind. Binding future demons does not mean you lose your original demons from this Jump. Any demon you bind may be dismissed to a pocket dimension dedicated solely to containing your demons, allowing you to bind new demons while keeping any past demons you have already bound to your will.


Valkyr - How you treat this race is up to you. You can be a Valkyr in service to Helya, Lich King, Odin, or just doing your own thing. Depending on what type of Valkyr you are, you could join one of the factions pretty easily.


Hail to the King, or Queen, Baby - I know I stated it before, but one of the ways you can Fanwank yourself into the new ruler role is by taking one of the existing ones as your spouse. You’ll be inserted into the setting with memories of how you meet, the romantic times you spent together, or (in Sylvannas’ case) the World Trees you burned together with innocent children still trapped inside. This is one way to get a companion that you want without having to do a lot of work for it. This can even be used as a Dragon if you are a member of the Dragon Flight associated with them. However, you cannot use this as a Human to marry Sylvannas and claim Undercity or as a Green Dragon to marry Alexstrasza and gain both Flights. You have to be the same species and you have to have purchased the perk.


Artifact Weapons - Some Artifact Weapons are sentient and often talk to their wielder. During the Jump you will have to put up with them, but after the Jump you can choose to silence them permanently or keep them. Some weapons also contain monstrous passive power, but for you they will function as you desire.


Artifact Forge - This forge can be used as an actual forge. Anything created using this forge will be more powerful than normal. If you already have an existing forge, say from the Marvel Magic Jump, then you can choose to import the Artifact Forge into it at the end of this Jump.


The Mine - There’s not really any solid info on how some of the metals from WoW differentiate from metals found in previous expansions or even Earth. Some metals are better for magic and some are better at stopping magic altogether. You’ll have to do a bit of research on your own and Fanwank it if you desire.


Safe Haven - The Safe Haven Drawback is to keep things interesting so you don’t just spend all your time sipping wine in your city. Without a care for the citizens or the city itself. Any damages the city takes will transfer over to future Jumps alongside any changes your make. You can choose to upgrade your city defenses with technology if you wish. Place auto turrets or some other crazy thing. You can not, however, place your city within some sort of impenetrable pocket dimension where no forces on Azeroth can ever reach it.